collection: Nintendo Wii
launch: {env.JOYMELLOW_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Nintendo Wii" {file.path}


game: Alien Syndrome (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Alien Syndrome (USA)/Alien Syndrome (USA).json
developer: Totally Games
publisher: Sega
genre: Shooter
description:
  The title is set in the far future, where interplanetary space travel is
  possible. Communication is lost with one of the stations on a distant planet,
  the Kronos, and Aileen Harding is sent to investigate. She quickly discovers
  that 'Alien Syndrome' is behind the disappearance and decides to fight the enemy
  and find out what happened to her boyfriend, Tom.
  .
  The story of Alien Syndrome (2007) picks up approximately 20 years after the
  original Alien Syndrome game. There are 5 chapters in the story.
release: 2007-07-27
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alien Syndrome (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alien Syndrome (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alien Syndrome (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alien Syndrome (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Alien Syndrome (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Attack of the Movies 3-D (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Attack of the Movies 3-D (USA)/Attack of the Movies 3-D (USA).json
developer: Panic Button Games
publisher: Majesco
genre: Shooter
description:
  Attack of the Movies 3-D is a rail shooter for the Xbox 360 and Nintendo Wii
  video game consoles The Wii version of the game is the first 3-D shooter
  designed for the console. The game transport gamers into six movie-themed worlds
  will they will battle large alien space cruisers, shoots underwater monsters and
  more, only to discover the reason why these movies come to life.
release: 2010-05-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Attack of the Movies 3-D (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Attack of the Movies 3-D (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Attack of the Movies 3-D (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Attack of the Movies 3-D (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Attack of the Movies 3-D (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Boom Blox (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Boom Blox (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Boom Blox (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Electronic Arts
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Throw, Grab and BLAST your way to VICTORY!\n
  From Steven Spielberg and EA comes a wild, Blox-busting extravaganza!\n
  • Over 300 levels set in five action-packed worlds.\n
  • Take on single-player or multiplayer co-op and versus gameplay with up to four
  players at once\n
  • Tweak any level or build your own then share them over WiiConnect24.
release: 2008-05-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Boom Blox (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Boom Blox (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Boom Blox (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Boom Blox (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Boom Blox (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Boom Blox Bash Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Boom Blox Bash Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Boom Blox Bash Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Electronic Arts
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Like the original BOOM BLOX game Bash Party is based around fast-paced gameplay
  that utilizes players' reflexes, dexterity, and problem-solving skills. During
  the action players use the Wii Remote to direct objects and forces toward
  structures made of blocks in order to knock them over. There is also Jenga like
  gameplay during which players pull blocks, with the goal of toppling as many of
  them as possible, but without bringing down the whole structure. In doing this
  players have to deal with the different types of blocks in play. Some of these
  include: gem blocks, blocks with point values attached, explosive blocks that
  detonate on contact, vanishing blocks that disappear when struck, wood blocks,
  and steel blocks. In addition, as the game progresses strategies may change,
  meaning that players must be flexible in order to succeed.
release: 2009-05-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Boom Blox Bash Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Boom Blox Bash Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Boom Blox Bash Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Boom Blox Bash Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Boy and His Blob, A (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Boy and His Blob, A (USA)/Boy and His Blob, A (USA).json
developer: WayForward Technologies
publisher: Majesco Entertainment
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  The "blob" is capable of a number of transformations in order to traverse the
  game's puzzles, such as a parachute to avoid damage from falls.A Boy and His
  Blob is a 2D puzzle platformer. The main characters progress through a variety
  of levels with various obstacles to get to the end of the level and move on to
  the next. The protagonist feeds the blob jelly beans in order to transform it
  into one of fifteen different objects that can be used to solve puzzles and
  defeat enemies. Unlike the NES game in which only the jellybean flavor was
  displayed, the Wii version uses a more intuitive menu that shows each
  transformation.
release: 2009-10-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Boy and His Blob, A (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Boy and His Blob, A (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Boy and His Blob, A (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Boy and His Blob, A (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Boy and His Blob, A (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Revolution Software
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Adventure
description:
  Broken Sword: Shadow of the Templars – The Director's Cut builds on the
  original, boasting a new and explosive narrative interwoven with the first
  story. New puzzles have been added for Nintendo DS and Wii that specifically
  utilize Nintendo's unique control methods. The game also features stunning
  animated facial expressions drawn by Dave Gibbons, the artistic genius behind
  the comic book and upcoming movie, Watchmen.
  .
  The game starts with the player in control of charming Parisian photo-journalist
  Nicole Collard, who witnesses the brutal and horrifying murder of one of Paris’s
  richest and most influential statesmen. During her investigations, which feature
  exclusive new locations, Nico meets amiable American George Stobbart, who has
  been unwittingly caught up in the sinister and bloody theft of an ancient
  manuscript. Together, they are drawn into a terrifying conspiracy rooted in a
  long-forgotten medieval legend.
  .
  .
  Expanding on the original classic storyline, The Director's Cut features tight
  scripting and an intense atmosphere from the explosive opening sequence to the
  gripping finale, where the full threat of the conspiracy is revealed.
release: 2009-03-24
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Bully - Scholarship Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Bully - Scholarship Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Bully - Scholarship Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Rockstar
publisher: Rockstar
genre: Action;Adventure;Sandbox
description:
  Bully is a subtle sandbox game set in a school environment. The player takes
  control of teenage rebel James "Jimmy" Hopkins, who from the opening cutscene is
  revealed to be a difficult student with a disruptive background. The game
  concerns the events that follow Jimmy being dropped off at Bullworth Academy, a
  fictional New England boarding school. The player is free to explore the school
  campus in the beginning and, later on in the game, the town, or to complete the
  main missions. The game makes extensive use of minigames. Some are used to earn
  money, others to improve Jimmy's abilities or get new items.
  .
  School classes themselves are done in the form of minigames, broken into five
  levels of increasing difficulty. Each completed class brings a benefit to
  gameplay. English, as an example, is a word scramble minigame, and as Jimmy does
  well in this minigame, he learns various language-skills, such as the ability to
  apologize to police for small crimes. Chemistry also an example, is a button
  pushing minigame, and if Jimmy does well, he gains the ability to create
  firecrackers, stink bombs, and other items at his chemistry set in his room at
  the dorm.
release: 2008-03-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bully - Scholarship Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bully - Scholarship Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bully - Scholarship Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bully - Scholarship Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Bully - Scholarship Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Calling (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Calling (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Calling (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Hudson Soft
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Rin Kagura, Shin Suzutani, Chiyo Kishibe and Makoto Shirae visit "The Black
  Page", a mysterious website with only a counter that is said to show the number
  of people who have died after visiting the site. Rin is drawn there because six
  years ago, she made a promise to a little girl in the hospital. Over an online
  chatroom, she promised the girl she would come visit her. When she got there,
  the girl wasn't anywhere to be found. Rin thought "The Black Page" might hold
  some answers. Shin loves anime and the supernatural and was drawn to "The Black
  Page". After Chiyo Kishibe's grandson bought her a laptop, she heard rumors of
  "The Black Page". She thought she might be able to meet her late husband. As for
  Makoto Shirae, an editor for a newspaper, his friend died under mysterious
  circumstances. When he took over the investigation, it led him to "The Black
  Page". After entering a chatroom on the site, Rin, Shin, Chiyo and Makoto are
  soon drawn into a strange void that lies between life and death which manifests
  the memories of the dead known as the Mnemonic Abyss. Using their cell phones,
  these people must try and escape from it.
release: 2010-03-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Calling (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Calling (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Calling (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Calling (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Calling (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castlevania Judgment (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Castlevania Judgment (USA)/Castlevania Judgment (USA).json
developer: Eighting Co
publisher: Konami
genre: Fighting;Horror
description:
  The battle between good and evil continues with Castlevania Judgment, the first
  Castlevania title for the Wii. Castlevania Judgment brings together the many
  generations of heroic vampire hunters, including the fearsome Belmont clan, as
  well as Draculas most formidable allies, and pits them against one another in
  the first Castlevania fighting game ever created. Choose sides from a collection
  of 14 battle-tested warriors in a clash of epic proportions that will span the
  depths of time.
release: 2008-11-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania Judgment (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania Judgment (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania Judgment (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania Judgment (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania Judgment (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Cooking Mama - World Kitchen (USA) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Cooking Mama - World Kitchen (USA) (Rev 1)/Cooking Mama - World Kitchen (USA) (Rev 1).json
developer: Cooking Mama Ltd.
publisher: Majesco
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  The goal of the game is to complete a meal of the player's choice. The player
  cooks in steps, for example, if making sushi, the player will cut the fish in
  one step, and do the rice in another. Every time a meal is finished, other meals
  are unlocked, and so are other characters, family and friends.
release: 2008-11-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cooking Mama - World Kitchen (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cooking Mama - World Kitchen (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cooking Mama - World Kitchen (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cooking Mama - World Kitchen (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Cooking Mama - World Kitchen (USA) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Cursed Mountain (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Cursed Mountain (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Cursed Mountain (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Deep Silver Vienna
publisher: Deep Silver Vienna
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  After his brother, known for taking extreme risks, disappears in the Himalayas,
  Eric Simmons reluctantly heads off to the village of Lhando, his last known
  location. He has arranged to meet with his brother's employer - but the town is
  completely deserted. What's more, everything has been abandoned, and bodies lie
  rotting in the streets. The locals were desperate to get away from someone... or
  something - but who or what? Only by exploring Lhando and the the mountain,
  Chomolonzo, will Eric find the answers he seeks, and hopefully, his brother.
release: 2009-08-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cursed Mountain (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cursed Mountain (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cursed Mountain (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cursed Mountain (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Cursed Mountain (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dance Dance Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Dance Dance Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Dance Dance Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Music
description:
  Dance Dance Revolution (ダンスダンスレボリューション Dansu Dansu Reboryūshon?), abbreviated
  DDR and also known as Dancing Stage in earlier games in Europe and Australasia,
  and some other games in Japan, is a music video game series produced by Konami.
  Introduced in Japan in 1998 as part of the Bemani series, and released in North
  America and Europe in 1999, Dance Dance Revolution is the pioneering series of
  the rhythm and dance genre in video games. Players stand on a "dance platform"
  or stage and hit colored arrows laid out in a cross with their feet to musical
  and visual cues. Players are judged by how well they time their dance to the
  patterns presented to them and are allowed to choose more music to play to if
  they receive a passing score.
  .
  Dance Dance Revolution has been given much critical acclaim for its originality
  and stamina in the video game market. There have been dozens of arcade-based
  releases across several countries and hundreds of home video game console
  releases, promoting a music library of original songs produced by Konami's
  in-house artists and an eclectic set of licensed music from many different
  genres. The DDR series has inspired similar games such as Pump It Up by Andamiro
  and In the Groove by Rox
release: 2010-11-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dance Dance Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dance Dance Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dance Dance Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dance Dance Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Disney Epic Mickey (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Disney Epic Mickey (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Disney Epic Mickey (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Junction Point Studios
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure;Platform
description:
  Disney Epic Mickey is an action-adventure platforming game for the Wii console
  that sends Mickey Mouse on an epic journey of creativity and discovery. As
  Mickey, the player is propelled into Wasteland, an alternate world made up of
  Disney’s forgotten creative efforts, and is given the power to wield paint and
  paint thinner to dynamically change the world while determining Mickey’s path to
  becoming an epic hero. Through the use of this unique paint and paint thinner,
  the key components of animation and Mickey’s tools for impacting his world,
  players will have the ability to shape how the story unfolds as they discover
  the concept of “Playstyle Matters” – an innovative style of gameplay created by
  Disney Interactive Studios’ Junction Point, led by industry luminary Warren
  Spector, where players creatively tackle different challenges in the world to
  explore all the possibilities and storylines – but with consequences for their
  chosen actions.
release: 2010-11-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Disney Epic Mickey (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Disney Epic Mickey (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Disney Epic Mickey (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Disney Epic Mickey (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Disney Epic Mickey (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Donkey Kong Jungle Beat (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Donkey Kong Jungle Beat (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Donkey Kong Jungle Beat (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD Tokyo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Gameplay involves combat, jumping, and counterattacking. While the traditional
  GameCube controllers are compatible, Jungle Beat uses a pair of bongo drums to
  control Donkey Kong's (DK) actions. Hitting the left drum causes DK to move
  left, while hitting the right drum causes him to move right. Hitting both drums
  at the same time causes DK to jump. Clapping one's hands or hitting the sides of
  the drums also causes DK to clap, which has various consequences depending on
  the situation.
release: 2009-05-04
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Donkey Kong Jungle Beat (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Donkey Kong Jungle Beat (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Donkey Kong Jungle Beat (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Donkey Kong Jungle Beat (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Donkey Kong Jungle Beat (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Escape from Bug Island (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Escape from Bug Island (USA)/Escape from Bug Island (USA).json
developer: Spike Co.
publisher: Secret Stash
genre: Horror
description:
  Bug Island is a island full of bugs and the perfect place for Michelle, who is
  majoring in insect physiology, to work on a report for school. Along come Mike,
  the typical confident college playboy and Ray, a freshman in college. Arriving
  on the island, Mike and Ray fight over Michelle who then runs off into the foggy
  distance and is nowhere to be found. Now Ray needs to find Michelle and get off
  the island in one piece.
release: 2007-07-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Escape from Bug Island (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Escape from Bug Island (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Escape from Bug Island (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Escape from Bug Island (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Escape from Bug Island (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Excite Truck (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Excite Truck (USA)/Excite Truck (USA).json
developer: Monster Games, Inc.
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Racing
description:
  In the grand and classic racing tradition of Excitebike, get ready for a big-air
  experience like no other! Players rocket their trucks across dynamically
  changing terrain in this nitrous-injected, high-flying racer for speed junkies.
  Showing the Wii Remote controller's versatility, players tilt the controller on
  its side to turn it into a wireless steering wheel!
release: 2006-11-19
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Excite Truck (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Excite Truck (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Excite Truck (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Excite Truck (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Excite Truck (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Far Cry Vengeance (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Far Cry Vengeance (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Far Cry Vengeance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Shooter
description:
  The game takes full advantage of the Wii Remote and its Nunchuk attachment. For
  example, the player can make the character jump by lifting the nunchuk. Weapons
  are aimed by pointing the Wii Remote at the screen, and melee attacks are
  carried out by making a slashing motion with it. The zoom on sniper rifles will
  similarly be controlled by moving the Wii Remote towards the television. Split
  screen Chaos mode (standard deathmatch) is included.
release: 2006-12-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Far Cry Vengeance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Far Cry Vengeance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Far Cry Vengeance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Far Cry Vengeance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Far Cry Vengeance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - The Crystal Bearers (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - The Crystal Bearers (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - The Crystal Bearers (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  A thousand years have passed since the events of the original Final Fantasy
  Crystal Chronicles. The destruction of the Yuke Crystal during the Great War,
  with the Yuke Tribe suffering apparent annihilation, had at last brought the
  victorious Lilties dominion over the world as they bring it into a new age of
  science and reason through machines called "crystal reactors," with the use of
  magic outlawed and rule over the Clavats and few Selkies who comply to the new
  order. In this new era of imbalance exists a rare breed of powerful beings
  called "crystal bearers", whose seemingly magical abilities have led them to be
  feared and scorned by the public.
release: 2010-02-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - The Crystal Bearers (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - The Crystal Bearers (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - The Crystal Bearers (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - The Crystal Bearers (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - The Crystal Bearers (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo's Dungeon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo's Dungeon (USA)/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo's Dungeon (USA).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Randomly generated dungeons and turn-based battles are highlighted in the second
  Wii title set in the Final Fantasy universe. A yellow, bird-like Chocobo
  migrates from a successful stint on the DS handheld to console in this exclusive
  release, featuring the distinctive artwork of Toshiyuki Itahana (Final Fantasy:
  Crystal Chronicles, Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo Tales). You must retrieve, of
  all things, lost "memories" by delving into dungeons created by a mysterious lad
  named Raffaello. Succeed and the town's populace just might remember who and
  where they are.
  .
  In true Final Fantasy tradition, your Chocobo character can specialize in ten
  different job classes, ranging from a knight to a white mage, allowing him
  access to special powers and abilities in combat. In between dungeon treks, you
  can visit shops in town to purchase helpful items and equipment. Other features
  include online card duels via Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, hidden dungeons and job
  classes unlocked by finding assorted letters, and arcade-style mini-games
  accessed from the Mog House. The latter includes such motion-driven activities
  as gardening, fishing, and darts.
release: 2008-07-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo's Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo's Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo's Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo's Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo's Dungeon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Food Network - Cook or Be Cooked (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Food Network - Cook or Be Cooked (USA)/Food Network - Cook or Be Cooked (USA).json
developer: Red Fly Studio
publisher: Namco
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  THE FIRST GAME FROM FOOD NETWORK™
  .
  Stir-up some action and cook like a pro\n
  in the first video game from Food Network!
  .
  Cut, slice and dice your way through 30+ real recipes taught by the experts from
  Food Network . Learn as you play through fun and delicious recipe challenges
  that range from breakfast to family meals and even dinner parties. Cook in
  multi-player mode or on your own. Next Food Network Star Judge Susie Fogelson
  and Food Network Kitchens Chef Mory Thomas will help you hone your cooking
  skills by offering tips, instruction and feedback on your final dishes. There’s
  never too many cooks in this kitchen!
  .
  Features:\n
  * Includes over 30 simple and delicious Food Network recipes\n
  * Cook like a Food Network chef in your own home!\n
  * Learn tips and techniques straight from the Food Network Kitchens\n
  * Cook with or against your friends!
release: 2009-01-01
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Food Network - Cook or Be Cooked (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Food Network - Cook or Be Cooked (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Food Network - Cook or Be Cooked (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Food Network - Cook or Be Cooked (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Food Network - Cook or Be Cooked (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gold's Gym - Cardio Workout (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Gold's Gym - Cardio Workout (USA)/Gold's Gym - Cardio Workout (USA).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Miscellaneous;Exercise / Fitness
description:
  The world's leading authority on health and fitness makes its way to the
  Nintendo Wii in Gold's Gym: Cardio Workout.
release: 2009-03-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gold's Gym - Cardio Workout (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gold's Gym - Cardio Workout (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gold's Gym - Cardio Workout (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gold's Gym - Cardio Workout (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gold's Gym - Cardio Workout (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Harvest Moon - Animal Parade (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Harvest Moon - Animal Parade (USA)/Harvest Moon - Animal Parade (USA).json
developer: Natsume
publisher: Marvelous Entertainment
genre: Life Simulation;Role-Playing;Sandbox
description:
  A divine tree which once stood in the middle of the Harvest Goddess' pond has
  begun to weaken, the creatures are beginning to leave the land, and the five
  bells have lost their power. Only the strength of the Harvest King can revive
  the earth and bring the tree back to life, but he is nowhere to be found. You
  must ring the five bells, bring the Harvest King back to the island, and help
  revive the Goddess' Tree, while at the same time running a large farm
  plantation. The release of this game for Wii allows the player to use the Wii
  Remote as an axe, shovel, watering can, fishing pole, milking the animals, and
  has many other uses. The player must grow and sell their crops to make money to
  buy things and furnish your ranch house. There are lots of crops to grow,
  including beans, tomatoes, potatoes, and many more.
release: 2010-11-10
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Harvest Moon - Animal Parade (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Harvest Moon - Animal Parade (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Harvest Moon - Animal Parade (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Harvest Moon - Animal Parade (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Harvest Moon - Animal Parade (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Harvest Moon - Magical Melody (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Harvest Moon - Magical Melody (USA)/Harvest Moon - Magical Melody (USA).json
developer: Marvelous Entertainment
publisher: Natsume
genre: Adventure
description:
  A farming simulation and adventure game. Choose to play as a girl or a boy and
  start life in a farming village with the goal of becoming an expert farm
  manager. Taking over your own farm, you raise plants and animals, catch lots of
  fish, build up your farm, and see your character grow into adulthood. The game
  features cows, horses and sheep, among other animals, but this time around, if
  you don't have a gate around their grazing area, they may get out from your farm
  area and, when night comes, get attacked by wild dogs. You also have added
  freedom with your planting, as you can now raise plants outside your own farm
  area. Once again, interacting with town folk and falling in love are major
  points of the game. Your choice of love interests changes depending on your
  choice of boy or girl at the start of the game.
release: 2009-08-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Harvest Moon - Magical Melody (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Harvest Moon - Magical Melody (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Harvest Moon - Magical Melody (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Harvest Moon - Magical Melody (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Harvest Moon - Magical Melody (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Harvest Moon - Tree of Tranquility (USA) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Harvest Moon - Tree of Tranquility (USA) (Rev 1)/Harvest Moon - Tree of Tranquility (USA) (Rev 1).json
developer: Marvelous Entertainment
publisher: Natsume / Marvelous Entertainment
genre: Adventure
description:
  You have moved to an island town that was once enchanted ... however it has been
  years since the mystical Mother Tree has shown any signs of life and the Harvest
  Goddess has vanished. The island has lost its connection with nature and the
  inhabitants don't know what to do. It is up to you to save the island!\n
  In Harvest Moon: Tree of Tranquility, players find themselves in a troubled
  island town which once prospered with life and energy, but is now in serious
  trouble. You must help to rebuild the island by tending to the earth,
  befriending and raising animals, nurturing friendships, and creating a family.
  Long-time Harvest Moon fans as well as new players will find an exciting,
  involving storyline and plenty of activities including cultivating crops, caring
  for animals, and participating in festivals. All-new controls for the Nintendo
  Wii Remote give players the chance to feel like they're really farming!
release: 2008-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Harvest Moon - Tree of Tranquility (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Harvest Moon - Tree of Tranquility (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Harvest Moon - Tree of Tranquility (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Harvest Moon - Tree of Tranquility (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Harvest Moon - Tree of Tranquility (USA) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Shooter
description:
  Two fan-favorite titles from The House of the Dead series are being compiled
  into one action-packed horror shooter for the Wii. Both The House of the Dead 2
  and III will feature the original arcade experience, complete with branching
  storylines, six ghoul-filled game modes, and bonus content. Re-live your glory
  days in the arcades as you mow down packs of biting and clawing undead.
  .
  Featuring Co-op gameplay that allows two players to work together to destroy the
  undead in several game modes, including Arcade and Survival mode. Both games
  retain the vibrant graphics of their original arcade versions. Also included are
  new tutorial videos where the development team teaches players special tips and
  tricks.
release: 2008-03-11
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Ikenie no Yoru (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Ikenie no Yoru (Japan)/Ikenie no Yoru (Japan).json
developer: Marvelous Entertainment
publisher: Marvelous Entertainment
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  In the game, the player controls in turn five teenagers exploring a haunted
  mansion. The player has no weapons against the ghosts, and instead must run away
  to avoid being touched and killed. The game uses the Wii Remote and Nunchuk as
  well as the Wii Balance Board for different elements in the game. Ikenie no Yoru
  was released in March 2011, and was not released outside Japan. However, an
  unofficial English patch was released on 03.31.2020 by Brand Newman.
  .
  A group of college students have decided to take a trip to a place called the
  Tsukuyomi Ravine, where people used to sacrifice to the gods. There are five
  main characters in this game, which the game encourages the player to rename
  with the names of their friends: Black, Blue, Yellow, Pink and Red.
  .
  Black invites the group to the ravine, and his father owns the mansion in which
  they're staying at. Red is the hot-tempered leader of the group. He starts the
  whole mess with the statement "Let's test our courage". Blue is kind and has a
  strong sense of justice. Yellow has a pure heart - she is kind, well raised and
  nice to people. Pink states her opinions clearly and makes sure everyone hears
  them. Also, a mysterious young girl comes along the game and she seems to get
  along with Yellow. An extra character, "You", is playable in the epilogue of the
  story. The player controls each of the characters in turn as they explore the
  mansion.
release: 2011-03-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ikenie no Yoru (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ikenie no Yoru (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ikenie no Yoru (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ikenie no Yoru (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: A2M
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action
description:
  The plot centers around Indy's search for the Staff of Moses. The game is mostly
  about a quest which takes you around the world on various quests, fighting
  Nazis, Panamanian hunters, and Tong thugs, and trying to find artifacts which
  will unlock other possible things for you to get and do. Although the staff of
  Moses is never mentioned in the beginning of the game, the plot is set about
  finding the staff, but the actual part of the story where the quest about
  finding the staff of Moses first start taking place is a lot further on in the
  game
release: 2009-06-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Ju-on - The Grudge - Haunted House Simulator (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Ju-on - The Grudge - Haunted House Simulator (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Ju-on - The Grudge - Haunted House Simulator (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: feelplus
publisher: Xseed Games
genre: Horror
description:
  It is said that when a person dies with a deep and burning grudge, a curse is
  born. When an average housewife in Nerima, Japan, was murdered in a grisly
  fashion, it gave rise to a curse so powerful that it threatens to kill at a pace
  thought unimaginable before. The curse manifests on those who encounter the
  curse by any means, such as entering the house or being in contact with somebody
  who was already cursed. Once Erika Yamada is exposed to the curse while
  searching for her dog in an abandoned warehouse, the entire Yamada family is put
  in grave danger as soon as she reunites with them at home. They must now face
  their individual challenges alone, and only by overcoming the curse together
  will their family truly be free again. JU-ON: The Grudge is billed as the first
  “Haunted House Simulator” where accessibility and instant scares are given
  priority over story and game play depth. Using the Wii Remote as a flashlight,
  players move forward with the touch of a button and explore haunted areas such
  as an abandoned warehouse, a dimly-lit hospital, and a mannequin factory. Much
  like a haunted house, the player must proceed forward even after being
  frightened.
release: 2009-10-13
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ju-on - The Grudge - Haunted House Simulator (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ju-on - The Grudge - Haunted House Simulator (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ju-on - The Grudge - Haunted House Simulator (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ju-on - The Grudge - Haunted House Simulator (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ju-on - The Grudge - Haunted House Simulator (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Just Dance (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Just Dance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ubisoft Paris
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Music
description:
  Dance to the rhythm of your favorite beat with Just Dance, a music & rhythm
  video game that allows you to dance the night away with your friends and family
  without ever leaving the house. With simple pick-up and play controls, anyone
  can join the party.
release: 2009-11-17
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance - Summer Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Just Dance - Summer Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Just Dance - Summer Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Music
description:
  Stoke the fire this summer with Just Dance Summer Party, a limited time offer!
  Enjoy classic Just Dance gameplay to over 20 new tracks, including hit songs
  like 'Firework', 'Pon De Replay', 'Mambo No. 5 (A Little Bit of Monika)',
  and more! Spanning a variety of genres and musical tastes, everyone at your
  party will find a song to groove to this summer. Easy to pick up and play,
  all you need is the Wii Remote! Just Dance Summer Party is the perfect game
  for family night and party night!
release: 2011-07-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance - Summer Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance - Summer Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance - Summer Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance - Summer Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance - Summer Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Just Dance 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Just Dance 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ubisoft Milan
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Music
description:
  The concept of the game is the same as the original Just Dance. Requiring only
  one Wii Remote per player, up to four people can play at a time, as they follow
  on-screen choreographed moves set to classic dance tracks. There are four new
  dance modes. In "Just Dance Mode", players can get together and dance for as
  long as they want, just for the fun of it. Other options include "Non-Stop
  Shuffle" for a non-stopping gameplay, and "Medleys", in which short pieces of 5
  songs are mixed.
  .
  The second new mode, "Duets" allows players to dance together, and in the
  process forces them to pay more attention to the players around them instead of
  simply following on-screen prompts.
  .
  "Dance Battle Mode" is a team mode that features up to 8-player support.The
  individual scores are the basis of the overall team scores.
  .
  Lastly is "Just Sweat Mode", which is an exercise mode that allows players to
  measure the energy they expend while dancing as well as set objectives to be met
  during their dance sessions.
release: 2010-10-10
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Just Dance 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Just Dance 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ubisoft, Inc.
publisher: Ubisoft Paris Studios SARL
genre: Music
description:
  Just Dance 3 is a rythm/music video game in the Just Dance video game series.
  The player must follow the dance routine shown on-screen as accurately as
  possible to get a high score. The game uses the Wiimote's motion controls to
  track the player's movements on Wii, the PlayStation Move on PS3, and the Kinect
  sensor for full-body tracking on Xbox 360.
  .
  The game features over 40 songs on the original disc, such as:
  .
  Airplanes - B.o.B featuring Hayley Williams\n
  Apache (Jump On It) - The Sugarhill Gang\n
  Are You Gonna Go My Way? - Lenny Kravitz\n
  Baby One More Time - Britney Spears\n
  Barbra Streisand - Duck Sauce\n
  California Gurls - Katy Perry featuring Snoop Dogg\n
  Price Tag - Jessie J featuring B.o.B\n
  Promiscuous - Nelly Furtado featuring Timbaland\n
  Pump It - The Black Eyed Peas\n
  Satellite - Lena Meyer-Landrut\n
  She's Got Me Dancing - Tommy Sparks
  .
  Certain songs are included with a cover version, some have an unlockable Dance
  Mashup version, and others are specific to a store, a region or a platform. For
  some songs a code can be entered on the title screen to unlock an extreme
  version. Additional songs can be purchased as DLC, as single tracks or as song
  packs.
  .
  The Kinect version can register up to four people and in the Just Create mode
  the choreography can be captured and shared online. The Wii version includes
  four-player concurrent dance routines and a Just Sweat modes that offers
  training exercises in disguise.
release: 2011-10-07
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Kirby's Dream Collection - Special Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Kirby's Dream Collection - Special Edition (USA)/Kirby's Dream Collection - Special Edition (USA).json
developer: HAL Laboratory
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Celebrate 20 Years of Kirby Fun with a Special Collection for Wii The pink,
  surprisingly powerful Kirby character is one of the most iconic heroes in video
  game history. To celebrate two decades of rollicking Kirby action, Nintendo has
  packed a wealth of games and commemorative content onto one special disc to
  create Kirby's Dream Collection: Special Edition, available exclusively for the
  Wii system. From the original Game Boy classic Kirby's Dream Land to New
  Challenge Stages based on 2011's Kirby's Return to Dream Land, players can
  follow the evolution of Kirby's remarkable abilities - and his pesky enemies -
  through six complete games and then some. The collection also includes a music
  CD*, an interactive timeline and a special anniversary book, giving both new and
  experienced players a way to fully immerse themselves in the one-of-a-kind fun
  of Kirby.
release: 2012-07-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kirby's Dream Collection - Special Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kirby's Dream Collection - Special Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kirby's Dream Collection - Special Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kirby's Dream Collection - Special Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kirby's Dream Collection - Special Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Kirby's Epic Yarn (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Kirby's Epic Yarn (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Kirby's Epic Yarn (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: HAL Laboratory
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  While walking through Dream Land, Kirby discovers a tomato and decides to eat
  it. Yin-Yarn, the evil sorceror who possessed the tomato (revealed to be a
  Metamato), appears and magically banishes Kirby into Patch Land, a world
  completely made of fabric, via the sock carried around his neck. In Patch Land,
  Kirby's body transforms into yarn, rendering his power to inhale useless.
  Instead, Kirby is granted the ability to transform by the magic of the Metamato,
  which he uses to rescue a boy being attacked by a monster. The boy, named Prince
  Fluff, explains that Yin-Yarn has separated Patch Land into pieces, which was
  tied together by magic yarn. Kirby decides to help Prince Fluff collect all
  seven pieces of the yarn and restore Patch Land.
  .
  Meanwhile, Yin-Yarn captures King Dedede and Meta Knight and places them under
  his control. Kirby is forced to fight Dedede and Meta Knight after they ambush
  him in Patch Land. When Kirby and Prince Fluff finally collect all the Magic
  Yarn, Meta Knight, no longer under the sorceror's influence, informs Kirby that
  Yin-Yarn is turning Dream Land into fabric. Prince Fluff produces the second
  sock, its magic fully restored, and uses it to transport Kirby and himself to
  Dream Land; now completely made of yarn. Kirby confronts and defeats Yin-Yarn,
  breaking the spell and returning Dream Land and himself back to normal. Prince
  Fluff parts with Kirby, stating that he can visit Patch Land anytime via
  Yin-Yarn's magic sock.
release: 2010-10-14
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kirby's Epic Yarn (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kirby's Epic Yarn (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kirby's Epic Yarn (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kirby's Epic Yarn (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kirby's Epic Yarn (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Kirby's Return to Dream Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Kirby's Return to Dream Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Kirby's Return to Dream Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: HAL Laboratory
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Kirby and his friends are back in an adventure designed to satisfy longtime
  Kirby fans and beginners alike. When an alien spaceship crashes in the otherwise
  peaceful realm of Pop Star, its pieces are scattered throughout the land.
  Players must guide Kirby as he retrieves the ship’s parts and helps the aliens
  return to their home planet. This time, however, he’s not alone. At any time, up
  to three more players can join in the fun and play as Meta Knight, King Dedede
  and Waddle Dee to help Kirby in his quest.
release: 2011-10-24
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kirby's Return to Dream Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kirby's Return to Dream Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kirby's Return to Dream Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kirby's Return to Dream Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kirby's Return to Dream Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Klonoa (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Klonoa (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Klonoa (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Paon Corporation
publisher: Namco Bandai Games
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Explore a magical world of mystery and adventure. Join Klonoa on a fantastic
  journey in the land of Phantomile, where the mysterious crash of a flying ship
  starts an epic quest through colorful worlds of thrills and danger.
release: 2009-05-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Klonoa (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Klonoa (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Klonoa (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Klonoa (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Klonoa (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Lego Indiana Jones 2 lets the player control a Lego figure in areas related to
  movie scenes and situations, with an emphasis on exploration and
  problem-solving. It can be played solo or by two people simultaneously, with the
  same drop in/out co-op play which has become a staple of the Lego series. The
  game includes adaptions of the original three Indiana Jones movies. These offer
  all-new levels; none of the content has been recycled from the original game.
  There are also bonus levels that have to be discovered and are made using the
  level creator. Upon finishing these levels, the player can edit them at any
  time.
  .
  Lego Indiana Jones 2 includes a level creator where players can create their own
  levels and objects. Two-player co-op mode has been enhanced with split-screen;
  rather than forcing both characters to always be close enough to fit on the same
  screen, the game will seamlessly split when characters wander apart and merge
  into one screen when both players are near each other. The hub has also been
  redesigned; where before each hub was a small area with easy access to levels
  which had been unlocked, now each hub is a large area in which entrances to
  levels must be discovered.
release: 2009-11-17
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action
description:
  The aim of the game is to collect the gold bricks scattered through out the
  game. In the Wii, PS3 and Xbox 360 versions there are 160 to collect; 120 of
  these are for the main levels. There are three for each of the levels. One is
  for completing the level in story mode, the second is for collecting a set
  amount of studs/coins to achieve a "True Jedi" status and the third is by
  collecting the 10 LEGO canisters, called "minikits," which are hidden around the
  level. There are 20 gold bricks for completing the Bounty Hunter missions which
  involve finding key members of the Republic and Rebellion for Jabba the Hutt's
  capture and subsequent ransom. There are 6 gold bricks for completing the bonus
  missions and 14 to buy at the Cantina.
release: 2007-11-06
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  Lego Star Wars III: The Clone Wars is similar to the previous titles in the
  series. Up to two players switch between different characters in order to fight
  enemies, solve puzzles, and progress through various levels. It introduces a few
  novelties, including scene swap, where players can switch between teams in
  separate locations to complete multi-part objectives, and boss battles. The game
  also features some real-time strategy elements, such as commanding large ground
  armies across battlefields.
release: 2011-03-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Last Story, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Last Story, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Last Story, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Mistwalker
publisher: Xseed Games
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Embroiled in seemingly endless conflict, the Empire has been slowly weakened by
  the relentless onslaught of enemy forces. Despite the debilitated state of the
  mainland, however, a virtually impenetrable last line of defense stands proud
  and keeps hope alive for all the land. That beacon of hope is Lazulis Island,
  ruled by the renowned Count Arganan. With the employment of an army of weapons
  that magically –and mysteriously-- concentrates beasts into a single region, his
  island has become a small wonder for its powers.
  .
  Among those coming to the island to seek their fortune is Zael, a young man who
  at an early age was orphaned when his homeland became one of the many victims of
  battle. Though he and his band of fellow mercenaries often face disdain and fear
  as they are perceived to be of a lower class, they manage to catch the eye of
  none other than Count Arganan himself. If they can successfully complete the
  tasks put before them by the Count, they may have a rare chance to gain the most
  honorable status that they have only dreamed of - knighthood.
  .
  It is during one of these missions bestowed upon them that Zael discovers a
  hidden site, one which grants him a wondrous and yet familiar power to gather
  his enemies in one place...
release: 2012-08-14
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Last Story, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Last Story, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Last Story, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Last Story, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Last Story, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legend of Zelda, The - Skyward Sword (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Legend of Zelda, The - Skyward Sword (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Legend of Zelda, The - Skyward Sword (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  One of the most storied franchises in history soars to new heights. The Legend
  of Zelda™: Skyward Sword shakes up the tried-and-true adventure game formula and
  marks a turning point for the franchise. The introduction of full motion
  controls to the series enabled by Wii MotionPlus™ technology enhances player
  movements while offering the most intuitive play control of any game in the
  series to date.
  .
  The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword boasts the most realistic sword combat of any
  game to date, turning every encounter into a challenge of both brains and brawn.
  Wii MotionPlus technology accurately translates the angle of every sword slice,
  effectively putting Link's blade in the player's hand. Analyzing enemy attack
  and defense tendencies and counteracting with precise swings of the sword
  provide a satisfying experience that blends puzzle-solving with a new and
  distinctly unique combat system.
  .
  Explore a massive, multilayered world that seamlessly blends soaring exploration
  in a sea of clouds with intense ground-based adventuring that blurs the line
  between the main world and traditional Zelda dungeons. Link™ soars through the
  skies on the back of a noble bird and dives beneath the clouds to the continent
  below in an epic quest that lays the foundation for the events in the critically
  acclaimed The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time.
release: 2011-11-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - Skyward Sword (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - Skyward Sword (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - Skyward Sword (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - Skyward Sword (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - Skyward Sword (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2)/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  In the next chapter in the Legend of Zelda series, Link can transform into a
  wolf to scour the darkened land of Hyrule. With the help of Midna, a mysterious
  being, you must guide Link through hordes of foul creatures and challenging
  bosses using new moves and a new horseback combat system. Many puzzles stand
  between Link and the fulfillment of his quest, so you must sharpen your wits as
  you hunt for weapons and items.
release: 2006-11-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Link's Crossbow Training (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Link's Crossbow Training (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)/Link's Crossbow Training (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Shooter
description:
  Link's Crossbow Training is set in a world in the style of The Legend of Zelda:
  Twilight Princess, and in the game the player assumes the role of the
  protagonist of The Legend of Zelda series, Link. To perfect Link's crossbow
  marksmanship, the player must pass a series of tests, starting with stationary
  bullseye targets, before moving onto moving targets and actual enemies. After
  every level, the player gets a medal depending upon their score. The types of
  medals range from bronze to platinum.
release: 2007-12-07
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Link's Crossbow Training (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Link's Crossbow Training (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Link's Crossbow Training (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Link's Crossbow Training (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Link's Crossbow Training (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: MadWorld (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/MadWorld (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It)/MadWorld (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It).json
developer: PlatinumGames
publisher: Sega
genre: Action
description:
  SPECTACULAR MAYHEM! Over-The-Top Madness. Wanna Play?\n
  Join Jack, a renegade contestant, in the world's deadliest game show,
  Deathwatch. Only the bloodiest, most creative tactics will help keep you alive
  in the ultimate fight for survival.\n
  • Visceral arcade-style gameplay. Fight your way out of impossible situations.\n
  • Hurl rivals into passing trains and trash cans. The environment is your
  arsenal.\n
  • Ultra-violent "Blood Bath Challenge" mini-games. Battle with a friend.
release: 2009-03-10
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/MadWorld (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/MadWorld (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/MadWorld (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/MadWorld (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/MadWorld (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mario Kart Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Mario Kart Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Mario Kart Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Racing
description:
  Drivers, start your engines! The worldwide race is on with a whole new set of
  tricks, tracks, and ways to play! Place first in Grand Prix circuits or clear
  skill-based missions. Cruise brand-new tracks and arenas, or enjoy a blast from
  the past going fender-to-fender on one of the classics. Tired of riding on four
  wheels? Bust out one of the all-new motorbikes for special tricks and
  techniques. Drawing on circuits and battle arenas from every game in the series
  - not to mention tons of brand-new ones - the true king of the Mushroom Kingdom
  racing circuits will finally be crowned! Time to get turnin' and burnin'!
release: 2008-04-27
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mario Kart Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mario Kart Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mario Kart Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mario Kart Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mario Kart Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Metroid - Other M (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Metroid - Other M (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Metroid - Other M (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Team Ninja
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  For decades, Samus Aran has been known as one of the first female protagonists
  in video games, and one of the most enigmatic. Having traded her haunted past
  for the solitary life of a bounty hunter, Samus™ finally tells her own tale in
  this revealing, personal story of her failings, her flaws and ultimately her
  motivation. The story begins immediately following the events of Super Metroid,
  when a baby Metroid gave its life to protect Samus. With voice acting and a rich
  story, players learn the engaging backstory of Samus as she weaves through an
  action-packed adventure aboard the Bottle Ship, a decommissioned space facility.
  As she hurtles into this new adventure, Samus will encounter her first mentor
  and Commanding Officer of the Galactic Federation, Adam Malkovich.\n
  • An unprecedented collaboration that blends the slick, action-packed production
  of the world-renowned Team Ninja development team with the game design talents
  of the creators of the original Metroid.\n
  • A dramatic new direction for a legendary franchise and a bold new blend
  between cinematics, storytelling and the best in interactive entertainment.
release: 2010-08-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metroid - Other M (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metroid - Other M (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metroid - Other M (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metroid - Other M (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Metroid - Other M (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Metroid Prime Trilogy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Metroid Prime Trilogy (USA)/Metroid Prime Trilogy (USA).json
developer: Retro Studios
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The compilation features three games from the Metroid series: Metroid Prime,
  Metroid Prime 2: Echoes, and Metroid Prime 3: Corruption.
  .
  Prime and Echoes, which were originally released for the Nintendo GameCube, were
  updated with many of the features that were first implemented in Corruption,
  such as a new control scheme based on the Wii Remote and an achievement system.
release: 2009-08-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metroid Prime Trilogy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metroid Prime Trilogy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metroid Prime Trilogy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metroid Prime Trilogy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Metroid Prime Trilogy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Monster Hunter Tri (USA) (Demo)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Monster Hunter Tri (USA) (Demo)/Monster Hunter Tri (USA) (Demo).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Monster Hunter Tri depicts an ecosystem where man co-exists with fantastic
  beasts that roam both the land and the sea. Featuring both online and offline
  cooperative modes, players can join online hunting parties with up to four
  players or play with two players on a single TV for select quests. Players also
  have the option to face Monster Hunter Tri's quests as a single player
  experience accompanied by Cha-Cha, an AI hunting partner whose tracking and
  trapping skills will prove invaluable in the hunt.
release: 2010-04-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Monster Hunter Tri (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Monster Hunter Tri (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.background: Background/Monster Hunter Tri (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Monster Hunter Tri (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.video: Video/Monster Hunter Tri (USA) (Demo).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: My Fitness Coach (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/My Fitness Coach (USA)/My Fitness Coach (USA).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Miscellaneous;Exercise / Fitness
description:
  Get in shape with your own virtual personal trainer. Like Wii games? Do you play
  Wii Fit? Now go a step further and work out with Maya, your virtual personal
  trainer, in an accessible, convenient and intense fitness program customized to
  meet your needs.
release: 2008-12-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/My Fitness Coach (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/My Fitness Coach (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/My Fitness Coach (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/My Fitness Coach (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: My Fitness Coach 2 - Exercise and Nutrition (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/My Fitness Coach 2 - Exercise and Nutrition (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/My Fitness Coach 2 - Exercise and Nutrition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ubi Soft Milan
publisher: Ubi Soft Entertainment
genre: Sports
description:
  My Fitness Coach 2 shows you how to exercise your way to a healthy body and
  gives you the fuel you need to do it! Part athletic trainer, part nutritionist,
  my Fitness Coach 2 is designed to get you in shape, inside the gym and out.
  Shape your routine from your trainer's set of 80 exercises focused around your
  personal fitness goals. Work to lose weight, lower your cholesterol, get ready
  for swimsuit season, and more. Once you set up your routine, pick from 130
  recipes, built around your tastes and accompanied by shopping lists and weekly
  menus, that will help you reach your goals.
release: 2010-01-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/My Fitness Coach 2 - Exercise and Nutrition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/My Fitness Coach 2 - Exercise and Nutrition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/My Fitness Coach 2 - Exercise and Nutrition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/My Fitness Coach 2 - Exercise and Nutrition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: New Super Mario Bros. Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/New Super Mario Bros. Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2)/New Super Mario Bros. Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  The game follows the traditional storyline of Princess Peach getting kidnapped
  by Bowser and his children, the Koopalings and Bowser Jr. When Mario, Luigi,
  Blue Toad, and Yellow Toad are celebrating Princess Peach's birthday in her
  castle, a large cake rolls in. Immediately, Bowser Jr. and the Koopalings pop
  out and throw the cake on top of Peach, trapping her. The cake is loaded onto
  Bowser's airship and it takes off, with Mario, Luigi, and the Toads giving
  chase. The Toads in the castle then grant them access to the Propeller and
  Penguin Suits via a cannon.
release: 2009-11-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/New Super Mario Bros. Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/New Super Mario Bros. Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.background: Background/New Super Mario Bros. Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/New Super Mario Bros. Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.video: Video/New Super Mario Bros. Wii (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Nights - Journey of Dreams (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Nights - Journey of Dreams (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Nights - Journey of Dreams (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Sonic Team
publisher: Sega
genre: Action
description:
  This time around, however, Nights takes a bit of a different turn. Keeping in
  line with the "world of dreams" theme – it wouldn't be Nights without it –
  players will take control of Will and Helen, two young children each entering
  into Nightopia (the world of dreams) with their own back-story, emotional
  baggage, and inner demons that come to life though the forming of nightmares.
  It's a pretty simple concept overall, and with each child's five main levels
  you'll get a different piece of the story leading up to the same grand finale.
  Once they arrive in the land of dreams, each character meets up with a Nights
  almost instantaneously, and from there learns to meld with the mysterious
  creature and fly through the world of Nightopia. Along the way you'll learn of
  the quest to find the hidden Ideya (basically essences of the human spirit), and
  eventually attempt to defeat a powerful god-like creature named Wizeman and his
  right-hand man Reala.
release: 2008-01-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nights - Journey of Dreams (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nights - Journey of Dreams (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nights - Journey of Dreams (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nights - Journey of Dreams (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nights - Journey of Dreams (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: No More Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/No More Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/No More Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Grasshopper Manufacture
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Action
description:
  Anime geek Travis Touchdown wins a Beam Katana and starts a new career as a
  professional killer in this unusual action game by the makers of Killer 7.
  There's only one way to the top ranks of the underground world of paid assassins
  and it's going to get messy. Lucky for Travis Touchdown, he just knocked off the
  world's eleventh best without breaking a sweat. The life of fame and fortune
  couldn't be closer. Heads will roll and names will be taken, but everything is
  not what it seems. It all started after Travis was assigned to take on the
  drifter known as Helter Skelter, the United Assassin Association’s 11th ranked
  assassin. After a grueling battle, Travis emerged the winner, collected the
  spoils of battle and claimed his title as the new 11th ranked assassin. However,
  the situation turns out to be more complicated than Travis first thought. It is
  after the mysterious beauty, Sylvia Christel, appears that the real adventure
  begins...
release: 2008-01-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/No More Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/No More Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/No More Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/No More Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/No More Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: No More Heroes 2 - Desperate Struggle (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/No More Heroes 2 - Desperate Struggle (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/No More Heroes 2 - Desperate Struggle (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Grasshopper Manufacture
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Action
description:
  Three years have passed since Travis Touchdown became the top assassin in the
  United Assassins Association (UAA) and walked away (what happened to him
  throughout said years is never explained). Now, he returns to Santa Destroy and
  fights Skelter Helter, who seeks revenge on Travis for killing his older brother
  Helter Skelter prior to the first game. After winning the battle, he meets
  Sylvia Christel again, who informs him he is now ranked 51st. The nearly-dead
  Skelter Helter interrupts them and warns Travis that he and his co-conspirators
  will still have their revenge.
release: 2010-01-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/No More Heroes 2 - Desperate Struggle (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/No More Heroes 2 - Desperate Struggle (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/No More Heroes 2 - Desperate Struggle (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/No More Heroes 2 - Desperate Struggle (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/No More Heroes 2 - Desperate Struggle (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Onechanbara - Bikini Zombie Slayers (USA) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Onechanbara - Bikini Zombie Slayers (USA) (En,Fr)/Onechanbara - Bikini Zombie Slayers (USA) (En,Fr).json
developer: Tamsoft
publisher: D3 Publisher
genre: Action
description:
  Zombie carnage and armed babes with tight outfits ... that's Onechanbara in a
  nutshell, and the blood-spurting, short skirting action series comes to the Wii
  in all of its visceral glory. Players can master the sword to take full
  advantage of the Wii Remote motion controls by slashing, swinging and thrusting
  into zombie enemy hordes. Play as either sister Aya or Saki in single player or
  with a friend in Co-Op Mode and utilize each of their unique fighting styles and
  set of moves. Get too much blood on either sister and be driven into Rage Mode
  and gain more power and agility to destroy enemies faster and deadlier. Every
  person met and enemy battled brings the sisters closer to understanding who or
  what is behind the zombie outbreak and putting an end to it.
release: 2009-02-10
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Onechanbara - Bikini Zombie Slayers (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Onechanbara - Bikini Zombie Slayers (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Onechanbara - Bikini Zombie Slayers (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Onechanbara - Bikini Zombie Slayers (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.video: Video/Onechanbara - Bikini Zombie Slayers (USA) (En,Fr).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Overlord - Dark Legend (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Overlord - Dark Legend (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Overlord - Dark Legend (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Climax Studios
publisher: Codemasters
genre: Action;Strategy
description:
  A new Overlord action RPG, exclusively for Wii, complete with all-new minion
  control mechanics, the game is a standalone prequel to the original Overlord.
  The Young Overlord must protect his father’s castle and lands from his even more
  evil twin siblings in a tongue-in-cheek fantasy world of grim/twisted fairytales
  .
  • Minion Motion Control: A new way to command your minions using your Wii Remote
  and Nunchuk.\n
  • Drop-in co-op play lets a second player cast spells and add boost to minions\n
  • New spells to boost your minion’s powers of destruction. New abilities for
  each minion type: Dig, Glow, Gas and Freeze
release: 2009-06-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Overlord - Dark Legend (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Overlord - Dark Legend (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Overlord - Dark Legend (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Overlord - Dark Legend (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Overlord - Dark Legend (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pandora's Tower (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Pandora's Tower (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Pandora's Tower (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ganbarion
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Pandora’s Tower tells a haunting tale about a cursed young woman’s slow
  transformation into a hideous beast, and the lengths to which the man she loves
  will go in order to save her. Aeron must brave the Thirteen Towers, which are
  suspended in the middle of a valley by chains connected to surrounding cliffs,
  and use his magical Oraclos Chain weapon to retrieve “master flesh,” the flesh
  of the giant monsters that reside within each tower, which he must feed to Elena
  in order to reverse her transformation. Aeron’s interactions with Elena during
  their time together have a direct impact on the story, as the strength of their
  bond will determine which of the multiple endings is achieved.
release: 2012-04-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pandora's Tower (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pandora's Tower (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pandora's Tower (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pandora's Tower (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pandora's Tower (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pikmin (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Pikmin (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Pikmin (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Strategy
description:
  Life under a microscope fantasy world, Pikmin delivers a unique experience like
  few before it with a blend of real-time strategy, adventure, and puzzle
  elements. You control Captain Olimar, a lovable little astronaut, who
  crash-landed on a planet inhabited by even more lovable little plant creatures
  known as Pikmin. Olimar can command these creatures RTS-style, assign them
  tasks, make them attack foes, and gather resources. The ultimate task is to
  rebuild Olimar's space ship before a 30-day time window elapses.
release: 2009-03-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pikmin (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pikmin (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pikmin (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pikmin (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pikmin (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pikmin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Pikmin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Pikmin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Strategy
description:
  The second game in the fan-favorite Pikmin franchise originally launched for the
  Nintendo GameCube console in 2004. Now Wii users can enjoy the imaginative fun
  of this classic and colorful mass action strategy game, now available as part of
  the value-minded, family-friendly Nintendo Selects series. The brave Captain
  Olimar has returned to marshal new types of Pikmin in a wild, open-ended
  adventure. On a mission to pay back his employer’s debt, Olimar and his sidekick
  Louie must command squads of tiny Pikmin to help locate valuable treasures,
  exploring mysterious environments and battling pesky enemies along the way.
  Players of any experience level can use the Wii Remote and Nunchuk controllers
  to command these curious creatures and complete their mission. The game also
  invites friends to deviously pit their Pikmin squads against one another in a
  rough and ruthless two-player mode.
release: 2012-06-10
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pikmin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pikmin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pikmin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pikmin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pikmin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Punch-Out!! (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Punch-Out!! (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Punch-Out!! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Next Level Games
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Sports
description:
  One of the biggest names in boxing returns after a 15-year hiatus. Grab a Wii
  Remote controller in one hand and a Nunchuk controller in the other and step
  back into the ring with a modern update of the classic Punch-Out!! Little Mac is
  back! Everyone’s favorite underdog from the 1980s joins the best of the original
  Punch-Out!! cast in a modern re-imagination of the series. Players will find
  familiar names like Glass Joe, King Hippo and trainer Doc Louis. These boxers
  come to life again in cel-shaded 3-D, complete with hilarious fighting
  animations and back stories that capture all the fun and flair of the original
  Punch-Out!! games. The motion-sensitive controls of the Wii console mean that
  when players throw punches, Little Mac throws punches as well. Additionally, you
  can control hooks and jabs by combining motion control with control-stick
  movement. The motion-sensing Wii Remote and Nunchuk controllers turn real-life
  swings into on-screen punches, so anyone can play. The game can also be played
  with classic NES-style controls by turning the Wii Remote sideways.
release: 2009-05-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Punch-Out!! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Punch-Out!! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Punch-Out!! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Punch-Out!! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Punch-Out!! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rampage - Total Destruction (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Rampage - Total Destruction (USA)/Rampage - Total Destruction (USA).json
developer: Pipeworks
publisher: Midway
genre: Action
description:
  Total Destruction features four game modes. The first is a campaign in which
  players work to progressively take out cities around the world. King of the City
  and King of the World are competitive modes where up to four players compete. In
  King of the City, players strive to rule a city by dominating the most
  districts. King of the World is a series of King of the City competitions across
  various cities. The fourth mode is a time trial where players must complete all
  the districts of a city within a time limit.
release: 2006-11-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rampage - Total Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rampage - Total Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rampage - Total Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rampage - Total Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rampage - Total Destruction (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Red Steel (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Red Steel (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Red Steel (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ubisoft Paris
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Taking place in both the USA and Japan, Red Steel is a crime themed shooter that
  has the player controlled Scott Monroe fighting off various members of the
  Yakuza clans in order to rescue his fianceé.
  .
  It features sword duels and gun fights using the Wiimote, to allow the player to
  swing the control as they would swing a sword. The positioning and movement
  actions of the Wiimote also let the player aim their weapons almost as they
  would a real gun.
release: 2006-11-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Red Steel (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Red Steel (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Red Steel (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Red Steel (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Red Steel 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Red Steel 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Red Steel 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Ubisoft Paris
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  In Red Steel 2 Wild West gunplay and Samurai skill with the blade collide head
  on. Set in a desert-bound, high-tech metropolis a swordsman with no name is
  nearly all that is left of the once powerful Kusagari-clan. A clan known as "the
  Jackals", lead by one known as "Payne", are responsible and now it is the
  Swordsman's duty and you're to avenge the fallen Kusagari.
  .
  Red Steel 2 is a single player first-person shooter developed exclusively for
  Wii and designed to utilize the Wii Remote's optional MotionPlus technology.
  Players will pick up the Wii Remote and swing it freely as the sword on-screen
  follows their precise movement - and even measures the strength of their swing.
  With this added ability of the Wii MotionPlus to sense the strength of a swing,
  you will literally be able to make an impact on your adversaries through power
  and precision and even engage multiple pistol-packing enemies at once,
  deflecting bullets with precise sword strokes. Along with less stylish actions,
  players rack up points through executing combos, finishing moves and other
  actions as members of the rival Jackal clan are eliminated. Additional abilities
  and weapons are earned or are available for purchase as victories pile up.
release: 2010-03-23
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Red Steel 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Red Steel 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Red Steel 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Red Steel 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - The Darkside Chronicles (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Resident Evil - The Darkside Chronicles (USA)/Resident Evil - The Darkside Chronicles (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Shooter
description:
  The Darkside Chronicles is an on-rails shooting game. In the Resident Evil
  series it is the second title exclusive to the Wii platform. The game's plot
  revolves around the personal stories and tragedies in the series, with its main
  focus on retelling the events of Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil: Code:
  Veronica.
  .
  A new chapter called Operation Javier fleshes out the plot further and explains
  the motives of Resident Evil 4 villain Jack Krauser. It takes place in 2002 and
  is set in the waterside village of Mixcoatl, located in the South American
  Amparo. It tells the story of Leon S. Kennedy teaming up with Jack Krauser to
  investigate the connections of crime lord Javier Hidalgo to a former Umbrella
  researcher.
  .
  Just like The Umbrella Chronicles players do not control the character's
  movement, but only the shooting aspect, shown from a first-person perspective.
  The player's partner is also shown on the screen and there is an cooperative
  option for two players.
release: 2009-11-17
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - The Darkside Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - The Darkside Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - The Darkside Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - The Darkside Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - The Darkside Chronicles (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Resident Evil - The Umbrella Chronicles (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Resident Evil - The Umbrella Chronicles (USA)/Resident Evil - The Umbrella Chronicles (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Shooter
description:
  Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles is a brand new game in the Resident Evil
  franchise, with familiar locales from the entire series. This action/shooter
  hybrid reveals the back story behind the fall of the Umbrella Corporation by
  exploring locations from Resident Evil 0, 1, 2 and 3 as well as new
  never-before-seen locations, such as Umbrella's stronghold. Resident Evil: The
  Umbrella Chronicles combines first-person, light-gun style combat with
  interactive pathways, multiple weapons and new enemies to create an entirely new
  Resident Evil experience that could only be delivered on the Wii.
release: 2007-11-13
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - The Umbrella Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - The Umbrella Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - The Umbrella Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - The Umbrella Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - The Umbrella Chronicles (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Resident Evil 4 - Wii Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Resident Evil 4 - Wii Edition (USA)/Resident Evil 4 - Wii Edition (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  A remake of the blockbuster survival horror game, fourth entry in the Resident
  Evil universe not only takes players out of the country on a recovery mission
  but also into the arms of a whole new enemy. As Leon Kennedy, players will
  explore a town overrun by cultists, mutants and mind-controlled villagers, using
  the Wii Remote to aim, fire, slash and avoid oncoming adversaries with intuitive
  motions and movements. Added Wii Remote and Nunchuck support allows players to
  immerse themselves in the game as never before. This package includes the
  original game (with tuned-up control for the Wiimote) plus the playable bonus
  Ada Wong side-story, The Another Order not available in the original GameCube
  version.
release: 2007-06-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 4 - Wii Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 4 - Wii Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 4 - Wii Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 4 - Wii Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil 4 - Wii Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil (USA)/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror
description:
  Resident Evil Archives: Resident Evil is a near bare-bones Wii port of the
  2002's Resident Evil (remake) for the Nintendo GameCube, which was itself
  essentially the 1996 PlayStation classic with a massive visual overhaul.
release: 2009-06-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil Zero (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil Zero (USA)/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil Zero (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  The game's storyline serves as a prequel to Resident Evil, covering Rebecca
  Chambers' ordeal a day prior.
  .
  On July 23, 1998, special police STARS Bravo team is sent in to investigate a
  series of grisly murders in the Arklay Mountains region outside of Raccoon City.
  On the way to the scene, Bravo's helicopter malfunctions and is forced to crash
  land in the forest. The team soon discover an overturned military police
  transport truck, along with the mutilated corpses of two officers. The team
  split up and Bravo team's field medic, Rebecca Chambers, finds a train stopped
  in the middle of the forest.\n
  Rebecca soon discovers that the train, the Ecliptic Express, is infested with
  zombies.
release: 2009-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil Zero (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil Zero (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil Zero (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil Zero (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil Archives - Resident Evil Zero (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Retro City Rampage DX (Europe) (En,Fr,It,De,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Retro City Rampage DX (Europe) (En,Fr,It,De,Es)/Retro City Rampage DX (Europe) (En,Fr,It,De,Es).json
developer: Vblank Entertainment Inc.
publisher: Vblank Entertainment Inc.
genre: Action;Adventure;Shooter
description:
  OPEN-WORLD carjacking goes back to the '80s in this 8-BIT nostalgic throwback.\n
  Run missions! Outrun the law! Rampage the city with weapons, power-ups and
  vehicles!
  .
  This send-up to '80s and '90s video games and pop-culture includes both a full
  Story Mode of open-world adventure as well as an Arcade Mode for quick
  pick-up-and-play action. If that's not enough, it also packs an interactive city
  full of shops, minigames, customizations, collectibles, special guest stars, and
  more.
  .
  The remastered DX version include:\n
  8-BIT Open-World to Explore\n
  Over 60 Story Missions\n
  Over 40 Arcade Challenges\n
  Over 25 Weapons & Power-Ups\n
  Over 50 Vehicles to Steal & Equip\n
  Over 200 Character Customizations\n
  Includes 15 Steam Trading Cards\n
  3+ Hours of Music (13 radio stations)
release: 2014-02-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Retro City Rampage DX (Europe) (En,Fr,It,De,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Retro City Rampage DX (Europe) (En,Fr,It,De,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Retro City Rampage DX (Europe) (En,Fr,It,De,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Retro City Rampage DX (Europe) (En,Fr,It,De,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De)/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De).json
developer: Kadokawa Games
publisher: NIS America
genre: Action
description:
  A thousand years ago, Emperor Geardo of the Naga Empire sent an army of machine
  soldiers to invade the sky kingdom of Garuda. Thanks to the efforts of Princess
  Cecilia and Rodea, a machine soldier who promised to protect Garuda, Emperor
  Geardo's assault was thwarted. In present day, a spirited inventor named Ion
  discovers an abandoned robot that has fallen into disrepair in the heart of a
  scorching desert. Upon completing her repairs, the robot stirs to life and
  reveals itself to be none other than Rodea. Stunned to find himself in the
  future, Rodea learns that the Naga Empire is no more and that Garuda has known
  peace for a thousand years. But this peace was not meant to last, for the forces
  of Naga have returned to wage war against Garuda. Remembering the promise he
  made 1,000 years ago, Rodea takes to the skies to defend Garuda from the Naga
  Empire once again.
release: 2015-11-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Sam & Max - Beyond Time and Space (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Sam & Max - Beyond Time and Space (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Sam & Max - Beyond Time and Space (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Telltale Games
publisher: Telltale Games
genre: Adventure
description:
  Season Two builds on Season One with more dynamic NPCs, an updated engine, a
  hint system, support for widescreen monitors, more realistic animations, and
  more mini-games within each episode. Season Two features a calibration assistant
  when first run, which allows the player to set their graphics and difficulty
  settings before playing
release: 2010-03-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sam & Max - Beyond Time and Space (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sam & Max - Beyond Time and Space (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sam & Max - Beyond Time and Space (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sam & Max - Beyond Time and Space (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Sam & Max - Season One (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Sam & Max - Season One (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Sam & Max - Season One (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Telltale Games
publisher: JoWooD
genre: Adventure
description:
  The characters can travel between a variety of locations in the game using their
  black and white 1960 DeSoto Adventurer, which, when selected, will present the
  player with a list of available destinations. The DeSoto is also used for
  several driving sequences, usually involving pursuing or fleeing criminals in
  other vehicles. In these driving sequences, the player can use Sam's gun, the
  car's horn, or have Max attempt to communicate with other vehicles via a
  megaphone. In addition, special inventory items may be used to complete specific
  puzzles within these sequences.[8] Driving sequences are also used for several
  minigames, such as pulling innocent drivers over for fabricated felonies.\n
  In keeping with the developer's heritage from the LucasArts adventure games, Sam
  & Max Save the World is designed so that the player characters cannot die or
  reach a complete dead-end.
release: 2008-10-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sam & Max - Season One (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sam & Max - Season One (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sam & Max - Season One (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sam & Max - Season One (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Shakedown - Hawaii (Europe) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Shakedown - Hawaii (Europe) (En,Fr)/Shakedown - Hawaii (Europe) (En,Fr).json
developer: Vblank Entertainment Inc.
publisher: Vblank Entertainment Inc.
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  The Wii version include all of the currently released content and feature
  updates, including the Mogul Update, the Full Tank Update, and the many other
  little tweaks, improvements and optimizations that went into the game
  post-launch.
  .
  It will also allow you to experience the game in the most retro way possible...
  in 4:3 on your old CRT televisions.
  .
  The Wii version supports both 50hz and 60hz, and both NTSC and PAL output. It
  supports the Wii Remote (with shake!), Wii Classic Controller, Wii Classic
  Controller Pro, and GameCube Controller.
release: 2020-07-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shakedown - Hawaii (Europe) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shakedown - Hawaii (Europe) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shakedown - Hawaii (Europe) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shakedown - Hawaii (Europe) (En,Fr).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Climax Studios Ltd.
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Billed as a re-imagining of the original Silent Hill, Shattered Memories once
  again casts you as Harry Mason searching across the haunted town for his missing
  daughter Cheryl. New to the series are a depiction of Silent Hill's demonic
  alter-dimension as a world of ice, and the removal of weapons from the game -
  when the monsters come out, Harry must literally run for his life.
  .
  Between scenes, the game will cut to a psychiatrist's office, who asks you
  personal questions about yourself and your past experiences. The game will then
  alter itself based on your responses, changing characters and lines of dialog to
  something intended to be more personally uncomfortable.
  .
  As you search for Cheryl, you will come across objects and recordings that tell
  some of the history of Silent Hill. The Wii Remote controls a flashlight aimed
  in real-time. Harry's cell phone accepts calls and messages from both the real
  and the supernatural, and a camera function is used to uncover hidden ghosts and
  their messages.
release: 2009-12-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Sonic Team
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  The diabolical Dr. Eggman has hatched another plan for world domination! He has
  built an amazing interstellar amusement park, floating in space around Sonic’s
  home planet, bursting with incredible rides and attractions. However, all is not
  as it seems as Dr. Eggman has abducted an alien race called Wisps and is
  harnessing their colorful energy to fuel a sinister plot. However, before Dr.
  Eggman completes his evil plans, Sonic discovers his mysterious theme park in
  space. When he arrives, Sonic finds he is also able to use these alien powers
  and is ready to help! Sonic will need all his speed and skill as he faces this
  test, but, empowered by the alien energy, it’s a test he’ll pass with flying
  colors!
  .
  Features:
  .
  * Non-stop high-speed action.\n
  * Collect and engage the new power-ups derived from the colored energy of the
  Wisps!\n
  * Unique Color Power for Wii™\n
  * Perfect blend of 3D & classic 2D perspectives on Wii.
release: 2010-11-16
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic and the Black Knight (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Sonic and the Black Knight (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Sonic and the Black Knight (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Sonic Team
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Sonic and the Black Knight is a Wii-exclusive adventure. Part of the storybook
  series of games that began with Sonic and the Secret Rings, this title brings
  Sonic into the world of Arthurian legend and offers the world's most famous blue
  hedgehog the chance to become a knight. Using the unique Wii control system,
  this game takes advantage of both the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk to offer an
  interactive experience that Sonic fans will love. Created by Sonic Team in
  Japan, this innovative game takes Sonic into a medieval world and arms him with
  a sword to aid in his effort to save the day. Sonic and the Black Knight hosts
  an irresistible cast of characters and teaches Sonic fans what it takes to be a
  true hero and the ultimate knight. With a series of missions set in stunning
  Arthurian-inspired locations, Sonic and the Black Knight promises a fast-paced
  adventure.
release: 2009-03-03
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic and the Black Knight (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic and the Black Knight (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic and the Black Knight (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic and the Black Knight (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic and the Black Knight (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic and the Secret Rings (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Sonic and the Secret Rings (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Sonic and the Secret Rings (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Sonic Team
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Sonic and the Secret Rings is a three-dimensional platform and action game
  featuring an on-rails style of movement. Sonic the Hedgehog, the series' main
  character, is the game's only player character. He is controlled exclusively
  with the Wii Remote, which is held horizontally like a traditional gamepad.
release: 2007-02-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic and the Secret Rings (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic and the Secret Rings (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic and the Secret Rings (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic and the Secret Rings (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic and the Secret Rings (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Soulcalibur Legends (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Soulcalibur Legends (USA)/Soulcalibur Legends (USA).json
developer: Project Soul
publisher: Namco Bandai
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The story of Soul Calibur Legends takes place between Soul Edge and Soul
  Calibur, and is based around Siegfried Schtauffen's transformation into
  Nightmare. The game begins as Siegfried finds Soul Edge on a ship. He battles
  Cervantes on the deck of the ship. Later, Siegfried is tasked by the Masked
  Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire to find the remaining pieces of Soul Edge in
  order to use it to win the war against Barbaros of the Ottoman Empire.
release: 2007-11-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Soulcalibur Legends (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Soulcalibur Legends (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Soulcalibur Legends (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Soulcalibur Legends (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Soulcalibur Legends (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr)/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr).json
developer: LucasArts
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action
description:
  The Star Wars saga continues in Star Wars: The Force Unleashed. You are Darth
  Vader's Secret Apprentice! The Dark Lord of the Sith himself has trained you to
  use a lightsaber and unleash the power of the Force, but now your destiny is
  your own. Will you join Vader as the next great Sith, or will you choose to
  defend peace and justice as a noble Jedi Knight?
release: 2008-09-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: LucasArts
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action
description:
  In Star Wars The Force Unleashed, the world was introduced to Darth Vader’s now
  fugitive apprentice, Starkiller...the unlikely hero who would ignite the flames
  of rebellion in a galaxy so desperately in need of a champion. In the sequel,
  Starkiller returns with over-the-top Force powers and embarks on a journey to
  discover his own identity and to reunite with his one true love, Juno Eclipse.
  Starkiller is once again the pawn of Darth Vader, but instead of training his
  protégé as a ruthless assassin, the dark lord is attempting to clone his former
  apprentice in an attempt to create the Ultimate Sith warrior. The chase is on.
  Starkiller is in pursuit of Juno and Darth Vader is hunting for Starkiller.
release: 2010-10-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Mario All-Stars (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Super Mario All-Stars (USA)/Super Mario All-Stars (USA).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  It's Super Mario's 25th anniversary!
  .
  In 1985, Nintendo released Super Mario Bros. and changed the world of video
  games forever. Now you can celebrate the history of Mario with this limited
  edition release featuring four classic Mario games and new insights into the
  series.
  .
  Super Mario All-Stars is back!
  .
  Play four of Mario's greatest adventures on one disc.The Super Nintendo
  Entertainment System classic is now on the Wii system, featuring four great
  games and brand-new Wii Remote controls!
  .
  Super Mario History 1985-2010
  .
  Take a look back at 25 years of Super Mario with this limited-edition soundtrack
  CD and history booklet. See the evolution of Mario from plumber to superstar!
release: 2010-12-12
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Mario All-Stars (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Mario All-Stars (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Mario All-Stars (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Mario All-Stars (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Mario All-Stars (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Mario Galaxy (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Super Mario Galaxy (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Super Mario Galaxy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  The ultimate Nintendo hero is taking the ultimate step ... out into space. Join
  Mario as he ushers in a new era of video games, defying gravity across all the
  planets in the galaxy. When some creature escapes into space with Princess
  Peach, Mario gives chase, exploring bizarre planets all across the galaxy.
  Mario, Peach and enemies new and old are here. Players run, jump and battle
  enemies as they explore all the planets in the galaxy. Since this game makes
  full use of all the features of the Wii Remote, players have to do all kinds of
  things to succeed: pressing buttons, swinging the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk,
  and even pointing at and dragging things with the pointer. Since he's in space,
  Mario can perform mind-bending jumps unlike anything he's done before. He'll
  also have a wealth of new moves that are all based around tilting, pointing and
  shaking the Wii Remote. Shake, tilt and point! Mario takes advantage of all the
  unique aspects of the Wii Remote and Nunchuk controller, unleashing new moves as
  players shake the controller and even point at and drag items with the pointer.
release: 2007-11-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Mario Galaxy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Mario Galaxy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Mario Galaxy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Mario Galaxy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Mario Galaxy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Super Paper Mario (USA) (Rev 2)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Super Paper Mario (USA) (Rev 2)/Super Paper Mario (USA) (Rev 2).json
developer: Intelligent Systems
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Super Paper Mario is a platformer with role-playing elements. The player moves
  through a series of levels, where he explores various landscapes, fights
  enemies, and solves puzzles. The game is divided into 32 levels within eight
  chapters, each of which takes place in a unique location, or "dimension". The
  main objective is to collect the eight Pure Hearts, one in each chapter, which
  is used to gain access to the next. Each area is joined to a central hub, a town
  called Flipside.
release: 2007-04-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Paper Mario (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Paper Mario (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Paper Mario (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Paper Mario (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Paper Mario (USA) (Rev 2).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Smash Bros. Brawl (USA) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Super Smash Bros. Brawl (USA) (Rev 1)/Super Smash Bros. Brawl (USA) (Rev 1).json
developer: Game Arts
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Fighting
description:
  All your favorite characters are back and ready to brawl in Super Smash Bros.
  Brawl for the Wii™. The fourth installment in this award-winning series features
  old and new characters battling for supremacy on more than 12 different stages.
release: 2008-03-09
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Smash Bros. Brawl (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Smash Bros. Brawl (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Smash Bros. Brawl (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Smash Bros. Brawl (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Smash Bros. Brawl (USA) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tatsunoko vs. Capcom - Ultimate All-Stars (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Tatsunoko vs. Capcom - Ultimate All-Stars (USA)/Tatsunoko vs. Capcom - Ultimate All-Stars (USA).json
developer: Eighting
publisher: Capcom
genre: Fighting
description:
  TATSUNOKO VS. CAPCOM: ULTIMATE ALL-STARS pairs well-known characters from
  Capcom’s roster of games with some of Japan’s most beloved characters from anime
  powerhouse Tatsunoko Production. All together, there are more than 20 colorful
  combatants to choose from in order to form the ultimate tag team combination.
  Gameplay will instantly set fighting game fans’ fingers twitching, combining
  elements from Capcom games like Street Fighter and previous entries in the VS
  series, TATSUNOKO VS. CAPCOM ULTIMATE ALL-STARS is a fun fighting game designed
  for all levels of players. Players choose from the combined roster of fighters
  to create their favorite two man/woman/cyborg/robot tag team, rotating on the
  fly between the two players throughout the course of each match. Those new to
  the genre will appreciate the game’s bright visual style and simplified
  four-button fighting controls. Hardcore Capcom fighting fans will dig in to the
  game’s depth, uncovering huge Aerial Rave combos and unique Variable Assists,
  gorgeous Hyper Combos, and Variable Combinations that combine the capabilities
  of two members of the player’s tag-team to unleash huge damage.
release: 2010-01-26
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tatsunoko vs. Capcom - Ultimate All-Stars (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tatsunoko vs. Capcom - Ultimate All-Stars (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tatsunoko vs. Capcom - Ultimate All-Stars (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tatsunoko vs. Capcom - Ultimate All-Stars (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tatsunoko vs. Capcom - Ultimate All-Stars (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Trauma Center - New Blood (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Trauma Center - New Blood (USA)/Trauma Center - New Blood (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Life Simulation;Visual Novel
description:
  Keep your hands steady and your mind focused for Trauma Center: New Blood,
  sequel to Trauma Center: Second Opinion. This time around there's a lot more on
  the line, as every cut of the scalpel, every pinch of the forceps, each and
  every second that ticks by is of the absolute greatest importance. If you think
  it's too much to handle alone, invite a friend to assist with the operation and
  work together to save patients from flat lining.
release: 2007-11-20
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Trauma Center - New Blood (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Trauma Center - New Blood (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Trauma Center - New Blood (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Trauma Center - New Blood (USA).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Wario Land - Shake It! (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Wario Land - Shake It! (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Wario Land - Shake It! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Good-Feel
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Wario returns to his roots! The Wario Land series is where Wario first appeared,
  and it's back in all its side-scrolling, platform-jumping glory! Shake it! With
  the Wii Remote turned sideways, veterans and newcomers alike can run, jump, and
  smash their way through hectic sidescrolling stages. By shaking the Wii Remote,
  you can shake down your enemies, free coins from treasure bags, and even cause
  earthquakes! Explore, Fight, Plunder! Each stage is a masterfully crafted
  side-scrolling obstacle course of puzzles, enemies, and assorted hazards. Every
  stage holds numerous secrets and treasures to discover (and steal). And each
  stage has multiple "missions" to keep you coming back again and again to unlock
  everything, collect more coins, or just improve your best time! Wario is back,
  baby! Wario returns to form, with all the jumping, power-dashing, and
  butt-stomping we've come to expect! This is Wario at his finest!
release: 2008-09-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wario Land - Shake It! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wario Land - Shake It! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wario Land - Shake It! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wario Land - Shake It! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wario Land - Shake It! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wii Fit (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Wii Fit (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1)/Wii Fit (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Sports;Productivity;Utility
description:
  The hit combination of Wii Sports and the Wii Remote brought golf swings and
  tennis serves into people's homes. Now Nintendo turns the living room into a
  fitness center for the whole family with Wii Fit and the Wii Balance Board.
  Family members will have fun getting a "core" workout, and talking about and
  comparing their results and progress on a new channel on the Wii Menu. Lean to
  block soccer balls, swivel hips to power hoop twirls or balance to hold the
  perfect yoga pose. As users stand on the Wii Balance Board, included with Wii
  Fit, their body's overall balance is tied to the game in a way they've never
  experienced before. Wii Fit also uses the Wii Balance Board for daily tests.
  These evaluate two key measures that a household can track via progress charts.
release: 2008-05-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wii Fit (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wii Fit (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wii Fit (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wii Fit (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Wii Fit Plus (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Wii Fit Plus (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Wii Fit Plus (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD5
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Sports
description:
  Wii Fit Plus provides all of the original activities in Wii Fit in addition to
  fifteen Balance/Aerobics games (in a separate category called "Training Plus")
  and six Yoga and Strength-Training exercises unique to the game.
release: 2009-10-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wii Fit Plus (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wii Fit Plus (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wii Fit Plus (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wii Fit Plus (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Wii Music (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Wii Music (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Wii Music (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Music
description:
  Create a musical masterpiece with up to four players. Anyone can play the huge
  selection of instruments in Wii Music with simple motions—like strumming and
  drumming. It's easy to play improv jams. Musicians in your band jam by simply
  playing their instruments to the beat of a song or by improvising to their
  heart’s content. Play faster. Play slower. Skip a beat, or throw in 10 more. No
  matter what you do, Wii Music automatically transforms your improv stylings into
  great music. There are no mistakes—just playing for the pure joy of playing. Wii
  controls immerse you in the music. You can play most of the 60-plus instruments
  in Wii Music using simple motions with the Wii Remote and Nunchuk controllers.
  Strum to play guitar, banjo and sitar. Drum to play jazz drums, congas and
  marching drums. Hammer away to play piano, vibraphone and marimba. Unlike most
  music games, Wii Music doesn’t make you use complex buttons. You only need to
  imitate playing the instrument.
release: 2008-10-16
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wii Music (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wii Music (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wii Music (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wii Music (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wii Music (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wii Play (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Wii Play (USA)/Wii Play (USA).json
developer: Nintendo R&D2
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Sports
description:
  Wii Play collects nine quick and addictive games that are easy to pick up and
  play and hard to put away. Thanks to the intuitive controls of the Wii Remote,
  even the most inexperienced gamers will have no trouble mastering the controls.
release: 2006-12-08
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wii Play (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wii Play (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wii Play (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wii Play (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wii Play (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Wii Sports (USA) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Wii Sports (USA) (Rev 1)/Wii Sports (USA) (Rev 1).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Sports
description:
  This is what video games should be: fun for everyone. Wii Sports offers five
  distinct sports experiences, each using the Wii Remote controller to provide a
  natural, intuitive and realistic feel. To play a Wii Sports game, all you need
  to do is pick up a controller and get ready for the pitch, serve or that right
  hook. If you've played any of these sports before, you're ready for fun!
  .
  Play Tennis, Baseball, Golf, Bowling and Boxing in the comfort of one's living
  room. No ball boys scurrying about, no oil from the alleys to get players dirty
  and no rain to keep anyone from a day at the court, park or course. Use the Wii
  Remote controller to mimic the actions of swinging a racket, bat or club, roll a
  ball down an alley or bring the left jab.
  .
  Players can use their own Mii caricatures in the game and play them against
  their friends' Miis for a more personalized experience. As players improve,
  their Miis' skill levels will increase, so that they can see exactly how much
  better they've become.
  .
  People of all skill levels can pick up and play any of the games in the
  unprecedented Wii Sports package, making this truly a title for everyone!
release: 2006-11-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wii Sports (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wii Sports (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wii Sports (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wii Sports (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wii Sports (USA) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Zack & Wiki - Quest for Barbaros' Treasure (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Zack & Wiki - Quest for Barbaros' Treasure (USA)/Zack & Wiki - Quest for Barbaros' Treasure (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  Zack is a new pirate on a quest to become the greatest pirate ever. In this
  puzzle adventure game he and his magical monkey sidekick search for treasure as
  they help the skeleton of the legendary pirate Barbaros.
  .
  Zack & Wiki: Quest for Barbaros' Treasure is presented as a series of stages
  where the player directs Zack to perform a number of actions to let him collect
  the treasure. The player must deduce what actions will have the desired effect
  without triggering traps or attracting the attention of the enemies. Using most
  of the tools causes the game to switch to a first-person point of view, and the
  player is expected to hold and manipulate the Wii remote as if it were the item
  on the screen.
release: 2008-02-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Zack & Wiki - Quest for Barbaros' Treasure (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Zack & Wiki - Quest for Barbaros' Treasure (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Zack & Wiki - Quest for Barbaros' Treasure (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Zack & Wiki - Quest for Barbaros' Treasure (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Zack & Wiki - Quest for Barbaros' Treasure (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Zero - Tsukihami no Kamen (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii/Zero - Tsukihami no Kamen (Japan)/Zero - Tsukihami no Kamen (Japan).json
developer: Grasshopper Manufacture
publisher: Tecmo
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Ten years ago, a suspected serial killer has kidnapped five girls from a
  sanatorium located on Rogetsu Island in Japan. The detective Choshiro Kirishima
  eventually succeeded in pursuing the criminal and rescuing the girls. However,
  several years later, two of the girls died under mysterious circumstances. The
  three remaining girls - Ruka, Misaki, and Madoka - decide to return to the
  island to find out more about the kidnapping and retrieve their lost memories.
  Ruka's mother pleads Choshiro to follow them. One by one, the heroes venture
  into the dark haunted house...
  .
  Zero: Tsukihami no Kamen is an installment in the Fatal Frame (Project Zero)
  series. The player switches between the four main protagonists as dictated by
  the story. As in the previous games, the characters use a camera to fend off
  hostile spirits. A new weapon is the Spirit Flashlight, a kind of torch that
  possesses the power to exorcise spirits with moonlight. Not all the spirits are
  hostile; the player is expected to differentiate between them, and also capture
  pictures with the camera to gather clues and advance in the game. Spirit
  Crystals can be collected and use to upgrade the camera and the flashlight.
  Healing items and films can be purchased in special shop-like locations.
release: 2010-12-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Zero - Tsukihami no Kamen (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Zero - Tsukihami no Kamen (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Zero - Tsukihami no Kamen (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Zero - Tsukihami no Kamen (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


