collection: NEC SuperGrafx
launch: {env.JOYMELLOW_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "NEC SuperGrafx" {file.path}


game: Aldynes - The Misson Code for Rage Crisis (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC SuperGrafx/Aldynes - The Misson Code for Rage Crisis (Japan)/Aldynes - The Misson Code for Rage Crisis (Japan).json
developer: Produce
publisher: Hudson Soft
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  The year is 2020, and global depression has descended upon the societies of the
  Earth. When humans least expect it, aliens from a mechanical planetoid attack
  seemingly without any reason. The League of Nations collaborates with NASA to
  produce a powerful space fighter under project name Aldynes. When a pilot known
  as Fox-A is killed, his girlfriend Hiroko heads to the air base where works on
  Project Aldynes took place. As the aliens launch their attack, Hiroko hijacks
  one of the fighters and enters the battle.
  .
  Aldynes is a horizontally-scrolling sci-fi shoot-em-up. Player-controlled
  spaceship can acquire power-ups that either change its default vulcan gun to
  lasers that shoot either straight ahead or in different directions, or enhance
  the shot of an already equipped weapon. A special power-up adds a small ship
  that fights alongside the player-controlled one; collecting more power-ups of
  the same kind adds more ships. These ships can be ordered to stay behind and
  repeat the shooting patterns of the player-controlled craft, or shoot at enemies
  following their own AI.
  .
  The player-controlled fighter does not have hit points and loses a life every
  time it is hit. There are seven stages altogether, each ending with a massive
  boss battle.
release: 1991-02-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Aldynes - The Misson Code for Rage Crisis (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Aldynes - The Misson Code for Rage Crisis (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Aldynes - The Misson Code for Rage Crisis (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Aldynes - The Misson Code for Rage Crisis (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Aldynes - The Misson Code for Rage Crisis (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Daimakai Mura (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC SuperGrafx/Daimakai Mura (Japan)/Daimakai Mura (Japan).json
developer: Alfa System
publisher: NEC Avenue
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Daimakaimura is a platform game by Capcom and is the SuperGrafx port of the
  classic arcade game known outside of Japan as Ghouls'n Ghosts. The brave Arthur,
  infamous for wearing red hearted boxers under his piece of armor, is back. His
  beloved princess Prin-Prin has been captured by the great demon king Loki and he
  has now, once again, the daunting task of rescuing her. His journey gets him
  through six long stages from a creepy cemetery infested with Grim Reapers and
  Vultures, to a abandoned windmills full of deadly stone turtles. Arthur starts
  the game equipped with a short joust spear that he can throw at his enemies.
  Treasure chests appear from time to time (usually triggered by jumping over
  specific spots of the scenery) and Arthur can crack them open to reveal new
  weapons, brand new piece of armors or, if already equipped with one, the
  almighty Golden Armor. But treasure chests can also reveal mean sorcerers who
  won't hesitate to turn our hero into an elderly man with a walking stick, or a
  cute but particularly vulnerable duck. Finally, the Golden Armor can be charged
  up and unleash powerful attacks from the equipped weapon. For instance, the
  spear can trigger a lighting spell and daggers a mirror-image of Arthur. The
  game is vast and mean guardians keep the gates leading to Loki's lair.
release: 1990-07-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Daimakai Mura (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Daimakai Mura (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Daimakai Mura (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Daimakai Mura (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Daimakai Mura (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


