collection: Nintendo Wii U
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Nintendo Wii U" {file.path}


game: Animal Crossing - Amiibo Festival (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Animal Crossing - Amiibo Festival (USA)/Animal Crossing - Amiibo Festival (USA).json
developer: Nd Cube
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Board Game;Party
description:
  The Animal Crossing: amiibo Festival game is a brand-new way to play with your
  favorite Animal Crossing characters. Your amiibo figures are front-and-center in
  this party game, and you’ll get to use them with fun content. Bring to life an
  expansive and dynamic board game where the board is based on the months of the
  year like the core Animal Crossing series. The goal? Make your villager the
  happiest in town and party hard with your friends.
  .
  Features:\n
  Party with favorite Animal Crossing characters like Isabelle and Tom Nook—who
  have become amiibo.\n
  Experience the Animal Crossing universe in light-hearted board games based on
  the calendar, including the four seasons and seasonal events.\n
  Bring your amiibo to the party, collect Happy Points, play with your friends,
  and save your Happy Points to your amiibo to expand your own game even more.
  .
  Use Animal Crossing amiibo cards in fun minigames.
release: 2015-11-13
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Animal Crossing - Amiibo Festival (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Animal Crossing - Amiibo Festival (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Animal Crossing - Amiibo Festival (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Animal Crossing - Amiibo Festival (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Animal Crossing - Amiibo Festival (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Axiom Verge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Axiom Verge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt)/Axiom Verge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).json
developer: Thomas Happ Games
publisher: Thomas Happ Games, LLC
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Axiom Verge is a retro-styled 2D action game focused on unusual weaponry and
  exploration of an maze-like, infested world. You play as Trace, a relatively
  normal (if quirky) guy who suffers a near-fatal injury, after which he wakes up
  in a strange, unsettling new world that is both high-tech and incredibly
  ancient. Why is he here? Where are the world's inhabitants? And what is the
  mysterious force that seems intent on ending his life?
release: 2016-09-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Axiom Verge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Axiom Verge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/Axiom Verge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Axiom Verge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Bayonetta (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Bayonetta (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Bayonetta (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: PlatinumGames
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action
description:
  Bayonetta is a cinematic and stylish action game from the creative mind of
  Hideki Kamiya. As a gun-wielding witch with powers beyond the comprehension of
  mere mortals, Bayonetta faces-off against countless enemies in a game of 100%
  pure all-out action. Outlandish finishing moves are performed with acrobatic
  grace as Bayonetta flows from one fight to another. Bayonetta pushes the limits
  of the action genre with magnificent over-the-top action and fast-paced, dynamic
  climax combat.
release: 2014-10-24
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bayonetta (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bayonetta (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bayonetta (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bayonetta (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Bayonetta (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Bayonetta 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Bayonetta 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Bayonetta 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: PlatinumGames
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action
description:
  Bayonetta 2 is an action hack and slash video game developed by PlatinumGames
  and published by Nintendo for the Wii U, with Sega as the franchise owners
  serving as its advisor. It is the direct sequel to the 2009 game, Bayonetta, and
  was directed by Yusuke Hashimoto and produced by Atsushi Inaba, under
  supervision by series creator Hideki Kamiya. It was announced on September 13,
  2012, and will be exclusive to the Wii U, unlike the previous game which was
  only available on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The titular character,
  Bayonetta, sports a new costume and hairstyle and the game itself features a new
  two-player mode. The game is also the second Bayonetta product to receive
  Japanese voiceovers, using the same cast that voiced the Bayonetta: Bloody Fate
  anime film by Gonzo. The game was released in September 2014 and includes a port
  of the original Bayonetta as a separate disc inside the case.
release: 2014-10-24
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bayonetta 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bayonetta 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bayonetta 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bayonetta 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Bayonetta 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Captain Toad - Treasure Tracker (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Captain Toad - Treasure Tracker (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00)/Captain Toad - Treasure Tracker (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).json
developer: Nintendo EAD Tokyo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  The intrepid Captain Toad sets off on his own adventure for the very first time
  through a wide variety of tricky, enemy-infested, maze-like stages to find
  hidden gems and nab elusive gold stars.
release: 2014-12-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Captain Toad - Treasure Tracker (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Captain Toad - Treasure Tracker (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).jpg
assets.background: Background/Captain Toad - Treasure Tracker (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Captain Toad - Treasure Tracker (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).jpg
assets.video: Video/Captain Toad - Treasure Tracker (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Devil's Third (USA) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Devil's Third (USA) (En,Fr)/Devil's Third (USA) (En,Fr).json
developer: Valhalla Game Studio
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action
description:
  From the creative mind of legendary designer Tomonobu Itagaki, Devil's Third is
  an over-the-top, third-person action shooter that combines modern military
  weaponry with ninja-style swordplay and melee combat.
  .
  The Wii U version of Devil's Third features both a full multiplayer mode as well
  as an exciting single-player story mode. Its single player mode immerses players
  in an engrossing storyline set against a background of intrigue and global
  military conflict. In parallel, the multiplayer mode lets players blast and
  slash each other in deep and challenging online combat that blends clan-based
  action, resource management and strategy.
release: 2015-12-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Devil's Third (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Devil's Third (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Devil's Third (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Devil's Third (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.video: Video/Devil's Third (USA) (En,Fr).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Disney DuckTales - Remastered (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Disney DuckTales - Remastered (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/Disney DuckTales - Remastered (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: WayForward Technologies
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  DuckTales: Remastered is a hand-crafted, beautiful reimagining of one of the
  most cherished 8-bit titles of all time. Embark on an authentic DuckTales
  adventure, as Scrooge McDuck and his three nephews; Huey, Dewey and Louie travel
  to exotic locations throughout the world in their quest to retrieve the five
  Legendary Treasures.
  .
  Go back to one of the golden ages of gaming, but now refined with a level of
  detail that will please the most devoted Disney or retro Capcom fan, alike.
  Featuring hand-drawn animated sprites, authentic Disney character voices talent
  and richly painted level backgrounds from the classic cartoon TV series, Scrooge
  McDuck and family come to life like never before. The gameplay retains the
  authenticity of its 8-bit predecessor, simple and fun, with slight modifications
  to improve gameplay flow and design.
release: 2013-08-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Disney DuckTales - Remastered (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Disney DuckTales - Remastered (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/Disney DuckTales - Remastered (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Disney DuckTales - Remastered (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/Disney DuckTales - Remastered (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Disney Epic Mickey 2 - The Power of Two (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Disney Epic Mickey 2 - The Power of Two (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Disney Epic Mickey 2 - The Power of Two (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Junction Point Studios
publisher: Disney Interactive
genre: Adventure
description:
  Epic Mickey 2 takes place in a world based on classic and retired Disney
  characters and attractions. The story begins sometime after the conclusion of
  the original Epic Mickey, with Oswald and the other Wasteland characters
  starting to rebuild their world. A series of earthquakes threaten to undo the
  work, but the Mad Doctor appears and convinces Oswald to join forces and combat
  the new menace. Ortensia, Oswald's girlfriend, doesn't trust the Doctor, so she
  and Gus, Oswald's gremlin assistant, bring Mickey Mouse back to Wasteland to
  help.
release: 2012-11-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Disney Epic Mickey 2 - The Power of Two (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Disney Epic Mickey 2 - The Power of Two (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Disney Epic Mickey 2 - The Power of Two (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Disney Epic Mickey 2 - The Power of Two (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Disney Epic Mickey 2 - The Power of Two (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Donkey Kong Country - Tropical Freeze (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Donkey Kong Country - Tropical Freeze (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01)/Donkey Kong Country - Tropical Freeze (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).json
developer: Retro Studios
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Help Donkey Kong and his friends save their home and banana hoard from marauding
  Vikings in Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze, the second entry in the
  blockbuster platformer series from Retro Studios. he Snowmads, who have invaded
  and frozen their home, Donkey Kong Island. Players will jump from island to
  island as they explore a huge variety of new environments, from lush mangroves
  to burning savannahs and Donkey Kong’s frozen island.
  .
  All the challenging ground-pounding, barrel-blasting, side-scrolling mine cart
  action from the Donkey Kong Country series is back along with a bushel of new
  game-play elements and features. And now, there are four playable characters!
  Dixie Kong is back to join the adventure as a playable character alongside Diddy
  Kong, and for the first time in Donkey Kong Contry, bearded old hero Cranky Kong
  joins the adventure with his bouncy cane. Any of the three can buddy up with
  Donkey Kong, and each character offers a different gameplay experience. On their
  journey to reclaim Donkey Kong Island, Donkey Kong and his friends travel across
  five islands with a variety of stages that include underwater areas and frozen
  environments.
release: 2014-02-21
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Donkey Kong Country - Tropical Freeze (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Donkey Kong Country - Tropical Freeze (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).jpg
assets.background: Background/Donkey Kong Country - Tropical Freeze (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Donkey Kong Country - Tropical Freeze (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).jpg
assets.video: Video/Donkey Kong Country - Tropical Freeze (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Finding Teddy II - Definitive Edition (Europe) (En,De,Fr,Es,Pt,It,Ru)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Finding Teddy II - Definitive Edition (Europe) (En,De,Fr,Es,Pt,It,Ru)/Finding Teddy II - Definitive Edition (Europe) (En,De,Fr,Es,Pt,It,Ru).json
developer: Storybird
publisher: PixelHeart
genre: Platform
description:
  A little girl enters a portal to a world of fantasy called Exidus attempting to
  save her favorite plush friend...\n
  In Exidus, King Tarant rules over his kingdom with the love of his subjects. But
  this harmony creates envy and hatred among the most malicious subjects. Anguis
  the Magician decides to usurp the throne and takes control of the land. To
  prevent all creatures from escaping Exidus, Anguis the Magician seals the gates,
  and hides the four crystal eggs spreading them all over the kingdom. The little
  girl is trapped in Exidus, but can’t accept her faith. She embarks on a quest to
  save the Kingdom from all evil. Help King Tarant escape from his prison, and
  return the crystals to their rightful places where their common energy enables
  to open up the gate and defeat Anguis.
  .
  Finding Teddy 2, is the new 2D nightmare adventure / action game with a pixel
  art retro twist. In this side scrolling platform adventure, you will need to
  upgrade your equipment and fight the evil forces of Anguis the Magician. Your
  mission will be complete when you’ll find your way out of this nightmare.
  .
  Features:\n
  – Great Design and Pixel Art render.\n
  – Many riddles and mysteries to be solved.\n
  – Dozens of enemies to defeat.\n
  – Superb soundtrack to accompany your quest.\n
  – More than 20 hours of pure gaming adventure.\n
  – The perfect mixture of RPG, adventure and platform fun.\n
  (Please update your system if you want to play this game properly)
release: 2020-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Finding Teddy II - Definitive Edition (Europe) (En,De,Fr,Es,Pt,It,Ru).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Finding Teddy II - Definitive Edition (Europe) (En,De,Fr,Es,Pt,It,Ru).jpg
assets.background: Background/Finding Teddy II - Definitive Edition (Europe) (En,De,Fr,Es,Pt,It,Ru).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Finding Teddy II - Definitive Edition (Europe) (En,De,Fr,Es,Pt,It,Ru).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Game & Wario (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Game & Wario (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Game & Wario (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Intelligent Systems Co., Ltd.
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  Wario has gotten into the business of designing games. With the help of his
  development crew at WarioWare, Inc., he has set out to make the greatest
  collection of games Diamond City has ever seen. Game & Wario features these fun
  and refreshingly unusual games that are played exclusively with the Wii U
  GamePad controller.
release: 2013-06-23
players: 5
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Game & Wario (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Game & Wario (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Game & Wario (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Game & Wario (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Game & Wario (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hyrule Warriors (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Hyrule Warriors (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01)/Hyrule Warriors (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).json
developer: Team Ninja
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure;Strategy;Beat 'em Up
description:
  The delicate balance of the Triforce has been disrupted, and Hyrule Kingdom is
  once again being torn apart by a dark power, this time lead by Sorceress Cia.
  Now its up to the legendary hero Link to face hordes of enemies and find the
  missing Princess Zelda. Advance the story to unlock new playable characters with
  unique moves and weapon types. Collect Rupees and other useful items to upgrade
  weapons and craft badges, which you can use to bolster each warriors abilities.
  Then unleash the full power of your attacks with intense combos to clear wave
  after wave of Bokoblin hordes. Youll have to get your gloves dirty to save
  Hyrule this time.
  .
  * Play as fan-favorite characters like Link and Impa for the first time in the
  series!\n
  * Battle the fiercest Legend of Zelda enemies across Hyrules most famous
  locales.\n
  * Lay waste to your opponents with brutally efficient attacks and intense
  combos\n
  * Think tactically and complete missions in the most efficient way possible
release: 2014-09-26
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hyrule Warriors (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hyrule Warriors (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hyrule Warriors (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hyrule Warriors (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hyrule Warriors (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.01).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance 2014 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Just Dance 2014 (USA)/Just Dance 2014 (USA).json
developer: Ubisoft, Inc.
publisher: Ubisoft, Inc.
genre: Music
description:
  Just Dance 2014 is a dance video game developed by Ubisoft Paris, in
  collaboration with Ubisoft Milan, Ubisoft Reflections, Ubisoft Bucharest,
  Ubisoft Pune and Ubisoft Montpellier. The fifth main installment in the
  franchise, it was officially announced at Ubisoft's E3 2014 press event, and
  released for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and Wii U on 9 October 2013, and for
  PlayStation 4 and Xbox One as launch titles on 15 November and 22 November 2013
  respectively. A sequel, Just Dance 2015 was released in October 2014.
  .
  The game introduced several new features to the franchise, including expanded
  second screen support for Wii U and Xbox platforms, the ability to record and
  share video clips of gameplay on supported platforms, and online multiplayer
  through the "World Dance Floor" mode.
release: 2013-10-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance 2014 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance 2014 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance 2014 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance 2014 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance 2014 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance 2015 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Just Dance 2015 (USA)/Just Dance 2015 (USA).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Music
description:
  Just Dance 2015 is dance video game developed by Ubisoft Paris and Ubisoft Milan
  and published by Ubisoft. The sixth main installment in the franchise, it was
  officially announced at Ubisoft's E3 2014 press event on 9 June 2014 alongside
  Just Dance Now—a web-based spin-off of the franchise. It was released for
  PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Wii, and Wii U on 21 October
  2014 in North America, 23 October in Europe, 24 October in the UK and 25 October
  in Asia.[1] A sequel, Just Dance 2016 was released in October 2015.
  .
  2015 introduced additional social networking features to the series, including
  the ability for players to challenge other players online, and submit clips of
  themselves playing for inclusion into compilation videos featured in-game. The
  game also added the ability for a smartphone to be used as a controller with a
  companion app.
  .
  Just Dance 2015 received mostly positive reviews by critics, praising the
  franchise's continued focus on a casual audience through its forgiving motion
  detection, multiplayer functionality, and pop-oriented soundtrack, although
  criticism was directed at the soundtrack for focusing too much on teen pop, as
  well as its user interface for having confusing and irregular conventions. As of
  December 31, 2014, over 5 million copies have been shipped worldwide.[2]
release: 2014-10-21
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance 2015 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance 2015 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance 2015 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance 2015 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance 2015 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance 2016 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Just Dance 2016 (USA)/Just Dance 2016 (USA).json
developer: Ubisoft France
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Music
description:
  Introducing Just Dance 2016 - the newest game from the top-selling franchise -
  with a brand new way to play! All you need is your smartphone and the Just Dance
  Controller App to play Just Dance 2016 on PS4 system, no PlayStationCamera or
  PlayStationMove needed.
  .
  Bust a move to Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson Ft. Bruno Mars and feel the beat in
  All About That Bass by Meghan Trainor - Just Dance 2016 features an amazing
  tracklist with visuals that are more creative and breath-taking than ever
  before. Join over 100MM players and dance to fun favorites and hot hits, today!
release: 2015-10-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance 2016 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance 2016 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance 2016 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance 2016 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance 2016 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance 2017 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Just Dance 2017 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/Just Dance 2017 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft Entertainment
genre: Music
description:
  Grab your friends and family because it's time to dance! The biggest music video
  game franchise of all time is back, with over 60 million units sold. Just Dance
  2017 brings you over 40 new tracks, six game modes, updated content all year
  long and access to 200+ songs through Just Dance Unlimited!
release: 2016-10-25
players: 6
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance 2017 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance 2017 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance 2017 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance 2017 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance 2017 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance 2018 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Just Dance 2018 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/Just Dance 2018 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: Ubisoft Paris
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Action;Music
description:
  No matter where you come from, how old you are, if you are a panda or a carrot:
  turn up the volume and get ready to unleash your inner dancer, because Just
  Dance 2018 brings out the dancer in everyone! The biggest music video game
  franchise of all time, with over 63 million units sold is coming back this fall.
  Whether you are a party starter, a young dancer in the making or a pro dancer
  looking for new challenges, it's never been so easy to Just Dance!
  .
  Join a community of more than 118 million players around the world and bust out
  your best moves! Dance your heart out to 24K Magic by Bruno Mars, Side to Side
  by Ariana Grande ft. Nicki Minaj, The Way I Are (Dance With Somebody) by Bebe
  Rexha ft. Lil Wayne and Chantaje by Shakira ft. Maluma. Relive classics
  including Daddy Cool by Groove Century, or if K-Pop is your thing get down to
  Bubble Pop by Hyuna!
release: 2017-10-24
players: 6
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance 2018 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance 2018 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance 2018 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance 2018 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Just Dance 4 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Just Dance 4 (USA)/Just Dance 4 (USA).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Music;Sports
description:
  Just Dance 4 features more than 40 new tracks, ranging from chart-topping
  Billboard hits to classic dance party tracks. Whether it's pop, Hip-Hop, rock,
  R&B, country or funk, there is something for everyone.
release: 2012-11-13
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Dance 4 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Dance 4 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Dance 4 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Dance 4 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Dance 4 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Kirby and the Rainbow Curse (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Kirby and the Rainbow Curse (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Kirby and the Rainbow Curse (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: HAL Laboratory
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Kirby and the Rainbow Curse is a 2015 platforming video game in the Kirby series
  developed by HAL Laboratory for the Wii U. The title is a follow-up to the 2005
  Nintendo DS title Kirby: Canvas Curse and sees Kirby turned into a ball. As
  Kirby is only able to roll it's up to the player to use the Wii U's touch screen
  to draw rainbow lines for Kirby to roll on and help him navigate through the
  game's levels.
release: 2015-01-22
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kirby and the Rainbow Curse (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kirby and the Rainbow Curse (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kirby and the Rainbow Curse (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kirby and the Rainbow Curse (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kirby and the Rainbow Curse (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
genre: Action
description:
  LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes is an action game and the sequel to LEGO Batman:
  The Videogame. Just like the first game it draws elements from the Batman
  universe but built entirely in LEGO-style bricks. It starts when a "Man of the
  Year" award ceremony in Gotham City is interrupted by the Joker and a gang of
  bandits. Bruce Wayne is a candidate for the award and changes into Batman to
  pursue them, teaming up with members of the Justice League.
release: 2013-05-21
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/LEGO Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/LEGO Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Warner Home Video Games
publisher: Warner Home Video Games
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  When a mysterious and powerful vortex suddenly appears in various LEGO worlds,
  different characters from DC Comics, The Lord of the Rings and The LEGO Movie
  are swept away. To save their friends, Batman, Gandalf and Wyldstyle bravely
  jump into the vortex and quickly find themselves fighting to save all of LEGO
  humanity. Let creativity be the guide to a building and gaming adventure -
  journey through unexpected worlds and team-up with unlikely allies on the quest
  to defeat the evil Lord Vortech. Play with different from different worlds
  together in one LEGO videogame, and use each other's vehicles and gadgets in a
  way never before possible. LEGO Bad Cop driving the DeLorean Time Machine. Why
  not?! The LEGO Ninja go Masters of Spinjitsu fighting alongside Wonder
  Woman...yes, please! Get ready to break the rules, because the only rule with
  LEGO Dimensions is that there are no rules.
release: 2015-09-27
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Jurassic World (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/LEGO Jurassic World (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/LEGO Jurassic World (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: TT Games
publisher: Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  LEGO Jurassic World is the first videogame to let players experience all four
  Jurassic films in humorous LEGO form. The thrilling adventure recreates
  unforgettable scenes and action sequences from the films, allowing fans to play
  through key moments and giving them the opportunity to fully explore the
  expansive grounds of Isla Nublar & Isla Sorna.
release: 2015-06-12
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Jurassic World (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Jurassic World (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Jurassic World (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Jurassic World (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Jurassic World (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: WB Games
genre: Action
description:
  When the villainous Doctor Doom and Loki attacked the space-faring Silver
  Surfer, his board's shattered remains rained down upon an unsuspecting Earth.
  Now the race is on to recover the powerful Cosmic Bricks that once comprised the
  board as Nick Fury gathers the Earth's mightiest heroes to recover them - all
  before Loki, Doctor Doom and their cabal of villains can assemble their Super
  Weapon and take over the world. Meanwhile, Silver Surfer's master, the
  planet-eating Galactus, comes in search of his Herald and his next meal...
  Earth.
release: 2013-10-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: TT Games
publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game
  developed by TT Fusion, based on the film Star Wars: The Force Awakens. It is
  the fifth entry in TT Games' Lego Star Wars series. Under license from
  Lucasfilm, the game was released by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment for
  iOS, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One,
  Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation Vita, and Wii U, on 28 June 2016, and for Android on
  27 July 2016. The game was ported and released by Feral Interactive for OS X on
  30 June 2016.
  .
  .
  .
  In addition to adapting the film, the game includes content which covers the
  period between Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens.
  .
  .
  .
  The gameplay of Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens is similar to previous Lego
  video games. New systems were introduced including Multi-Builds which grant
  players access to various building options. These options can be destroyed and
  rebuilt in certain brick-building sections of the game, allowing for new path to
  be opened within the game's world. Players can also hide behind cover and engage
  in "Blaster Battles" with enemies throughout the game. The game features over
  200 playable characters, including Rey, Finn, Captain Phasma, Poe Dameron, Han
  Solo, Kylo Ren and droids, including C-3PO and BB-8, and locations, including
  Jakku and Starkiller Base. In addition to adapting the film, the game also
  bridged the gap between Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens, with Lucasfilm
  allowing for creative freedom in the additional content that will explore the
  characters' backstories.
release: 2016-06-28
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Legend of Zelda, The - Breath of the Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Legend of Zelda, The - Breath of the Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Legend of Zelda, The - Breath of the Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Step into a world of adventure
  .
  Forget everything you know about The Legend of Zelda games. Step into a world of
  discovery, exploration and adventure in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,
  a boundary-breaking new game in the acclaimed series. Travel across fields,
  through forests and to mountain peaks as you discover what has become of the
  ruined kingdom of Hyrule in this stunning open-air adventure.
  .
  Explore the wilds of Hyrule any way you like - Climb up towers and mountain
  peaks in search of new destinations, then set your own path to get there and
  plunge into the wilderness. Along the way, you'll battle towering enemies, hunt
  wild beasts and gather ingredients for the food and elixirs you'll need to
  sustain you on your journey.
  .
  More than 100 Shrines of Trials to discover and explore - Shrines dot the
  landscape, waiting to be discovered in any order you want. Search for them in
  various ways, and solve a variety of puzzles inside. Work your way through the
  traps and devices inside to earn special items and other rewards that will help
  you on your adventure.
  .
  Be prepared and properly equipped - With an entire world waiting to be explored,
  you'll need a variety of outfits and gear to reach every corner. You may need to
  bundle up with warmer clothes or change into something better suited to the
  desert heat. Some clothing even has special effects that, for example, can make
  you faster and stealthier.
  .
  Battling enemies requires strategy - The world is inhabited with enemies of all
  shapes and sizes. Each one has its own attack method and weaponry, so you must
  think quickly and develop the right strategies to defeat them.
release: 2017-03-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - Breath of the Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - Breath of the Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - Breath of the Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - Breath of the Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - Breath of the Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legend of Zelda, The - The Wind Waker HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wind Waker HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wind Waker HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The game is set on a group of islands in a vast sea—a first for the series. The
  player controls Link, the protagonist of the Zelda series. He struggles against
  his nemesis, Ganondorf, for control of a sacred relic known as the Triforce.
  Link spends a large portion of the game sailing, traveling between islands, and
  traversing dungeons and temples to gain the power necessary to defeat Ganondorf.
  He also spends time trying to find his little sister Aryll.The Wind Waker HD
  expands on the original with updated 1080p-resolution graphics, an alternative
  lighting engine, as well as new gameplay features and modifications. The release
  of the game marks the ten-year anniversary of the international release of the
  original, and the first game in the The Legend of Zelda series released on the
  Wii U.
release: 2013-09-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wind Waker HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wind Waker HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wind Waker HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wind Waker HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wind Waker HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Tantalus
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure;Puzzle;Role-Playing
description:
  The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess is a critically acclaimed masterpiece,
  set in a massive world bursting with life - but also shadow. A dark figure from
  the Twilight Realm has invaded the world of light. As Link, a farmhand turned
  cursed beast, you'll join forces with the impish Midna, the Hyrule Resistance,
  and trusted (albeit unusual) allies to survive a quest that will take you to the
  farthest corners of Hyrule and beyond... to the Twilight Realm. This epic,
  emotional adventure is now on the Wii U console.
release: 2016-03-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess HD (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mario Party 10 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Mario Party 10 (USA)/Mario Party 10 (USA).json
developer: NDcube
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Strategy;Party
description:
  Mario Party 10 is a 2015 party video game for the Nintendo Wii U. Developed by
  Nd Cube and published by Nintendo, it is the tenth "main" game in the Mario
  Party series, the fourteenth in the franchise, and the first game in the series
  for the Wii U. The game was released worldwide in March 2015.
release: 2015-03-20
players: 5
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mario Party 10 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mario Party 10 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mario Party 10 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mario Party 10 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mario Party 10 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Mighty No. 9 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Mighty No. 9 (USA)/Mighty No. 9 (USA).json
developer: Abstraction Games
publisher: Deep Silver
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mighty No. 9 is a Japanese 2D Side-scrolling Action game that takes the best
  elements from the 8 and 16-bit classics that you know and love and transforms
  them with modern tech, fresh mechanics, and fan input into something amazing!
  Led by a veteran team with decades of experience, Mighty No. 9 promises to be an
  evolution in the well-known genre. STORY - In a world of advanced robotic
  engineering, nine robot siblings known as the "Mighty Numbers" rule in the
  Battle Colosseum. But when a sudden act of cyber terror turns the battle robots
  into rampaging menaces, it's up to Beck, the lone member of the team unaffected
  by the virus to save the future of humanity!
release: 2016-06-21
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mighty No. 9 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mighty No. 9 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mighty No. 9 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mighty No. 9 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mighty No. 9 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (USA)/Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Discover the epic world of Monster Hunter as you journey through more than 200
  exhilarating quests, battle larger-than-life monsters, and create hundreds of
  weapons and armor. Hunt with your two AI companions in single player quests or
  connect the Wii U system with up to three friends in four player online battles.
  Visually stunning 1080p HD graphics and online voice chat make this the best
  Monster Hunter experience to date.
release: 2013-03-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: NES Remix Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/NES Remix Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/NES Remix Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD Tokyo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Platform;Sports
description:
  THE CLASSICS - REMIXED AND REBORN!\n
  Classic gameplay reimagined! Got the skills to take on Nintendo history? Compete
  in the Nintendo World Championships Remix!
  .
  INCLUDES:
  .
  NES Remix: Super Mario Bros./The Legend of Zelda/Donkey Kong/Mario Bros./Balloon
  Fight/Excitebike/Ice Climber/Golf/Baseball/Tennis/Donkey Kong Jr./Donkey Kong
  3/Pinball/Clu Clu Land/Urban Champion/Wrecking Crew\n
  +\n
  NES Remix 2: Super Mario Bros. 3/Metroid/Kid Icarus/The Adventure of
  Link/Punch-Out!!/Ice Hockey/Dr. Mario/Super Mario Bros. 2/Wario's Woods/Super
  Mario Bros.: Lost Levels/NES Open Tournament Golf/Kirby's Adventure\n
  +\n
  The original Super Mario Bros., reversed and starring Luigi!
release: 2014-12-05
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/NES Remix Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/NES Remix Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/NES Remix Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/NES Remix Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/NES Remix Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U is a compilation title for the Wii U
  console. It is the first compilation of Mario games on the Wii U and includes
  New Super Mario Bros. U and New Super Luigi U on a single disc.
release: 2013-11-01
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Nintendo Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Nintendo Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Nintendo Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform;Racing;Shooter;Sports
description:
  Nintendo Land is a fun and lively theme park filled with 12 different
  attractions, each with its own take on a Nintendo franchise. Each attraction
  features unique and innovative game-play experiences made possible by the Wii U
  GamePad controller. Depending on the attraction, players can compete solo or
  against other players, or even team up to play cooperatively. Up to five players
  can participate in dynamic multiplayer modes in select attractions.* The
  experiences change every time, depending on whether players are using the
  GamePad, holding a Wii Remote or just watching others play on the TV screen.
release: 2012-11-18
players: 5
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nintendo Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nintendo Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nintendo Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nintendo Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nintendo Land (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Paper Mario - Color Splash (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Paper Mario - Color Splash (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Paper Mario - Color Splash (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Intelligent Systems
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure
description:
  A mystery is afoot on Prism Island - and only Paper Mario can solve it by
  restoring the island's vanishing colors with his new Paint Hammer and the
  powerful Battle Cards up his sleeve. These fresh layers of strategy, along with
  the hilarious action adventure gameplay the series is known for, make this one
  of the most colorful Paper Mario action-adventure games ever.
release: 2016-10-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Paper Mario - Color Splash (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Paper Mario - Color Splash (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Paper Mario - Color Splash (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Paper Mario - Color Splash (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Paper Mario - Color Splash (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pikmin 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Pikmin 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Pikmin 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Puzzle;Strategy
description:
  Pikmin 3 is a fully reimagined, mass-action strategy title from the critically
  acclaimed Pikmin series. Players will discover a beautiful world filled with
  strange creatures and take command of a swarm of ant-like Pikmin trying to
  survive. The world is densely packed with treasures and enemies, which makes the
  game much more action focused and fills it with layers of potential strategies
  and paths, adding greater replayability to challenge modes.
release: 2013-08-04
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pikmin 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pikmin 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pikmin 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pikmin 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pikmin 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pokken Tournament (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Pokken Tournament (USA)/Pokken Tournament (USA).json
developer: Bandai Namco Games
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Fighting
description:
  Pokkén Tournament is a fighting game in which all the playable characters are
  Pokémon. Combat takes place in a circular arena, with two Pokémon fighting at a
  time. Battles are divided into Field Phase, which focuses on maintaining
  distance between the player and opponent while attacking at strategic moments,
  and Duel Phase, in which the battle shifts to a horizontal plane. Connecting
  with certain kinds of attacks will trigger the switch between the two phases.
  Pokémon can jump, guard, and unleash various attacks in order to bring their
  opponent's health meter down, while keeping their own health up. Successful
  attacks and guards will fill the Pokémon's Resonance Gauge, which will allow
  them to activate Burst Mode when it is full. In Burst Mode, the Pokémon can
  unleash more powerful attacks, and certain ones will even be able to Mega
  Evolve. Two Support Pokémon can be chosen at the beginning of a match, one of
  which will then be chosen to be active for the round, and may be summoned to
  attack the opponent or give the player beneficial effects for a short amount of
  time. Support Pokémon need to recharge before being used again.
release: 2016-03-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pokken Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pokken Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pokken Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pokken Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pokken Tournament (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - Revelations (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Pl,Ru)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Resident Evil - Revelations (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Pl,Ru)/Resident Evil - Revelations (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Pl,Ru).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Resident Evil: Revelations returns to the survival horror gameplay of earlier
  series installments, with returning elements such as a limited supply of
  ammunition, and more emphasis on exploration and puzzle solving. The game's
  camera keeps an over-the-shoulder view from behind the playable character. The
  player may move the protagonist while aiming a weapon, and has the option to
  switch between a first-person and third-person perspective. A new device, the
  Genesis, detects items hidden throughout the game's environments.
release: 2013-05-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Revelations (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Revelations (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Revelations (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Revelations (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - Revelations (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Pl,Ru).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA)/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA).json
developer: Kadokawa Games
publisher: NIS America
genre: Action
description:
  A thousand years ago, Emperor Geardo of the Naga Empire sent an army of machine
  soldiers to invade the sky kingdom of Garuda. Thanks to the efforts of Princess
  Cecilia and Rodea, a machine soldier who promised to protect Garuda, Emperor
  Geardo's assault was thwarted. In present day, a spirited inventor named Ion
  discovers an abandoned robot that has fallen into disrepair in the heart of a
  scorching desert. Upon completing her repairs, the robot stirs to life and
  reveals itself to be none other than Rodea. Stunned to find himself in the
  future, Rodea learns that the Naga Empire is no more and that Garuda has known
  peace for a thousand years. But this peace was not meant to last, for the forces
  of Naga have returned to wage war against Garuda. Remembering the promise he
  made 1,000 years ago, Rodea takes to the skies to defend Garuda from the Naga
  Empire once again.
release: 2015-11-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rodea the Sky Soldier (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Runbow - Deluxe Edition (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Runbow - Deluxe Edition (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Runbow - Deluxe Edition (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: 13AM Games
publisher: 13AM Games
genre: Racing;Fighting
description:
  Runbow is a fast, frantic game that you can play with up to 9 people on the same
  console, or online with friends all around the world. Conquer over 140 levels in
  the single player Adventure, or go head to head in one of Runbow's four
  multiplayer modes. The world changes with each swipe of color, so you'll have to
  stay on your toes as platforms and obstacles disappear!
  .
  Runbow: Deluxe Edition includes - The original Game, Satura's Space Adventure,
  All DLC add-on packs, and the Runbow OST Volumes 1 & 2.
release: 2016-11-01
players: 9
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Runbow - Deluxe Edition (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Runbow - Deluxe Edition (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Runbow - Deluxe Edition (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Runbow - Deluxe Edition (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Runbow - Deluxe Edition (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Scribblenauts Unlimited (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Scribblenauts Unlimited (USA)/Scribblenauts Unlimited (USA).json
developer: 5th Cell
publisher: Warner Bros
genre: Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  Scribblenauts Unlimited features a huge side-scrolling open world with new,
  high-definition hand-drawn scenery and objects where players can help the game's
  hero, Maxwell, solve robust puzzles and challenges by summoning any object they
  can imagine. And for the first time, players learn the backstory of Maxwell's
  parents, his twin sister Lily, and how he acquired his magical notepad.
release: 2012-11-18
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Scribblenauts Unlimited (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Scribblenauts Unlimited (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Scribblenauts Unlimited (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Scribblenauts Unlimited (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Scribblenauts Unlimited (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Scribblenauts Unmasked - A DC Comics Adventure (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Scribblenauts Unmasked - A DC Comics Adventure (USA)/Scribblenauts Unmasked - A DC Comics Adventure (USA).json
developer: 5th Cell
publisher: Warner Brothers Interactive Entertainment
genre: Action;Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  Challenge your imagination as you battle the mightiest villains in an exciting
  and action-filled adventure through GOTHAM CITY, METROPOLIS, ATLANTIS and other
  iconic locales from the DC Comics universe. Enjoy endless replayability with
  new, dynamic puzzles that feature a different mission every time you play.
  .
  Bring out your inner super hero (or villain!) with the all-new Super Hero
  Creator by crafting completely original objects out of parts of existing DC
  Comics characters. Then assign unique properties to your creations and use them
  to solve puzzles, or share them online with friends - which they can use in game
  or further modify as they like.
release: 2013-09-24
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Scribblenauts Unmasked - A DC Comics Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Scribblenauts Unmasked - A DC Comics Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Scribblenauts Unmasked - A DC Comics Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Scribblenauts Unmasked - A DC Comics Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Scribblenauts Unmasked - A DC Comics Adventure (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shakedown - Hawaii (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Shakedown - Hawaii (USA)/Shakedown - Hawaii (USA).json
developer: VBlank Entertainment
publisher: VBlank Entertainment
genre: Action
description:
  Shakedown: Hawaii is an open world action-adventure video game developed by
  Canadian studio Vblank Entertainment. Like its predecessor Retro City Rampage,
  it is a parody of multiple subjects, including retro games, 1980s pop culture,
  manipulative business practices, and Grand Theft Auto and similar games.
  .
  Decades after founding Hawaii-based conglomerate Feeble Multinational and
  writing a best-selling business advice book, the aging and out-of-touch CEO of
  Feeble learns that his company is on the verge of bankruptcy, with online
  shopping, video streaming, and vehicle for hire mobile apps sapping Feeble's
  profits from its retail stores, VHS rentals, and taxi services. The CEO,
  together with his unemployed adult son Scooter and a henchman known only as "The
  Consultant", band together to rebuild Feeble into a corporate empire. Their
  arsenal of unscrupulous tactics includes violating consumer protection
  standards, razing buildings to make way for redevelopment, competing on a
  dangerous game show, destroying package delivery trucks, raiding a drug cartel,
  and shaking down other businesses. A subplot centers around the CEO's son
  Scooter as he joins a gang and performs tasks for the gang's leader, Tad.
release: 2020-08-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shakedown - Hawaii (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shakedown - Hawaii (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shakedown - Hawaii (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shakedown - Hawaii (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Shovel Knight (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Shovel Knight (USA)/Shovel Knight (USA).json
developer: Yacht Club Games
publisher: Yacht Club Games
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Shovel Knight is a sweeping classic action adventure game with awesome gameplay,
  memorable characters, and an 8-bit retro aesthetic. It's a hot mashup of new and
  old! You play as the eponymous Shovel Knight, a small knight with a huge quest.
  Shovel Knight has come to this land with two goals: to defeat the evil
  Enchantress and quest for his lost beloved. He wields a Shovel Blade: a
  multipurpose weapon whose techniques have now been lost to the ages. Always
  honest and helpful, Shovel Knight is a shining example of the code of Shovelry:
  Slash Mercilessly and Dig Tirelessly!
  .
  But, between Shovel Knight and his beloved stands a cadre of villainous knights.
  These terrible foes, known as The Order of No Quarter, have been dispatched to
  prevent Shovel Knight from reaching the Enchantress, and will pursue their
  mission at any cost. If you love games with perfect platforming, beautiful art,
  infectious music, crazy bosses, humor and levity, and real heart... Shovel Knight
  is for you!
release: 2014-06-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shovel Knight (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shovel Knight (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shovel Knight (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shovel Knight (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shovel Knight (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA)/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Racing;Sports
description:
  Sonic and the All-Stars cast line up on the starting grid once again to battle
  for supremacy in the ultimate race. Compete across land, water and air in
  incredible transforming vehicles that change from cars to boats to planes
  mid-race. Master your driving skills as you drift, barrel role and boost to
  overtake your rivals, or use your weapons tactically and unleash your All-Star
  move to gain the winning advantage. It's not just your fellow racers you need to
  watch out for, as the road falls away beneath you, or the river runs dry, new
  routes emerge and your vehicle transforms to take advantage of the terrain.
  Discover alternative routes and short cuts as you perfect the course in this
  adrenaline fuelled dash to the finish line - racing will never be the same
  again. This is not just racing, it's racing transformed!
release: 2012-11-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic Boom - Rise of Lyric (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Sonic Boom - Rise of Lyric (USA)/Sonic Boom - Rise of Lyric (USA).json
developer: Big Red Button Entertainment
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric is an action-adventure video game developed by Big Red
  Button and published by Sega for the Wii U console.Along with Sonic Boom:
  Shattered Crystal for the Nintendo 3DS, the game is a spin-off of Sega's Sonic
  the Hedgehog series and is a part of the Sonic Boom franchise, which also
  consists of an animated television series (whose games serve as prequel), a
  comic series by Archie Comics, and a toyline by Tomy.
  .
  The two games together formed the third and final part in Sega's exclusivity
  agreement with Nintendo, following Sonic Lost World and Mario & Sonic at the
  Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games in 2013. Both games were released in North
  America, Europe, and Australia in November 2014,and in Japan the following
  month.The game was retitled as Sonic Toon: Ancient Treasure for its Japanese
  release.
  .
  Rise of Lyric was met with very negative reception from critics, where it was
  heavily criticized for its numerous glitches, camera system, controls, combat,
  story, dialogue, and character development. The game did not perform well
  commercially, with the combined sales of Rise of Lyric and Shattered Crystal
  totaling 620,000 copies by May 2015.
release: 2014-11-11
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic Boom - Rise of Lyric (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic Boom - Rise of Lyric (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic Boom - Rise of Lyric (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic Boom - Rise of Lyric (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic Boom - Rise of Lyric (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Star Fox Guard (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Star Fox Guard (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Star Fox Guard (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: PlatinumGames
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Strategy
description:
  Star Fox Guard is a 3D tower defense game in which players must protect various
  bases, owned by Slippy Toad's uncle, Grippy, from oncoming attackers by
  monitoring security cameras. The television displays footage from all of the
  available security cameras while the Wii U GamePad features an overhead view of
  the base. To defend the base's core, players must watch the monitors carefully
  for any oncoming attackers and switch control to one of the available cameras in
  order to fire its weapon. Enemies are divided into two classes; Combat robots,
  which must all be defeated in order to progress, and Chaos robots, which hinder
  the player by tampering with the cameras, such as obscuring the view or showing
  fake footage. The game features 100 missions and an editor mode that allows
  players to edit the behavior of enemies in levels and share them online.
release: 2016-04-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Fox Guard (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Fox Guard (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Fox Guard (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Fox Guard (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Fox Guard (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Fox Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Star Fox Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Star Fox Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: PlatinumGames
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Shooter
description:
  As legendary space pilot Fox McCloud, blast through an onslaught of enemy forces
  to bring peace to the galaxy. In this white-knuckle space shooter, it'll take
  more than luck to master the Arwing jet, the Gyrowing flight drone, and the
  Landmaster tank! You have what it takes. Now prove it. General Pepper needs your
  help! Use your TV's cinematic view to fly and identify targets and see through
  the eyes of Fox with the Wii U™ GamePad's screen as you lock onto enemies and
  fire. You'll also have to use advanced flight techniques like boosting and
  barrel rolls to survive the relentless assault. With the help of the rest of
  Team Star Fox , tackle missions in the air and on the ground in a variety of
  planets teeming with enemies. Then engage vast armadas of powerful ships in
  outer space dogfights. Master your craft, defy the odds, and earn your
  face-to-face meeting with Andross. Only you can restore peace to the galaxy!\n
  • Take down an intergalactic onslaught of enemy forces\n
  • Pilot a variety of vehicles in the air and on the ground\n
  • Hone your skills as the legendary pilot, Fox McCloud\n
  • See your surroundings on your TV, and get a different view on the GamePad by
  tilting it to aim
release: 2016-04-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Fox Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Fox Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Fox Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Fox Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Fox Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Mario 3D World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Super Mario 3D World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00)/Super Mario 3D World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).json
developer: Nintendo EAD Tokyo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure;Platform
description:
  Super Mario Fun
  .
  Work together with your friends or compete for the crown in the first
  multiplayer 3D Mario game for the Wii U console. In the Super Mario 3D World
  game, players can choose to play as Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, or Toad.
  .
  Features:
  .
  * Each character has unique abilities and play styles. For example, Princess
  Peach glides over gaps, while Luigi has his trademark extra-high jump.\n
  * The new cat transformation allows players to run on all fours, pounce on
  enemies, attack in midair, or use their claws to scamper up walls and goal
  poles.\n
  * Explore colorful 3D environments filled with obstacles and contraptions like
  transparent pipes and vertical conveyor belts, which add new puzzle elements.\n
  * Use the Wii U GamePad Controller's touch screen to search for hidden blocks
  and freeze enemies in place.
release: 2013-11-21
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Mario 3D World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Mario 3D World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Mario 3D World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Mario 3D World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Mario 3D World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (v1.00).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Super Mario Maker (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Super Mario Maker (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Super Mario Maker (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Super Mario Maker lets people’s imaginations run wild. For the first time ever,
  friends can have fun playing through levels they create for one another. The Wii
  U GamePad controller makes it so easy for anyone to create levels; it may feel
  like simply sketching out ideas on paper. Players can enjoy a seemingly endless
  supply of inventive Mario levels from players around the world.
release: 2015-09-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Mario Maker (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Mario Maker (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Mario Maker (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Mario Maker (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Mario Maker (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Fighting
description:
  Mario! Link! Samus! Pikachu! All of your favorite Nintendo characters are back,
  along with plenty of new faces, in Super Smash Bros. for Wii U, the next entry
  in the beloved Super Smash Bros. series.
  .
  Up to four players can battle each other locally or online across beautifully
  designed stages inspired by classic Nintendo home console games. With a variety
  of control options and amiibo compatibility, the timeless Super Smash Bros.
  battles come alive.
release: 2014-11-21
players: 8
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Smash Bros. for Wii U (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Tank! Tank! Tank! (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Tank! Tank! Tank! (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Tank! Tank! Tank! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Bandai Namco Entertainment
publisher: Bandai Namco of America
genre: Action
description:
  Get ready for one of the most bombastic battle-party-games ever with TANK! TANK!
  TANK! Players will find a fantastic armament of tanks and weapons at their
  disposal to dispatch the enemy threat, including mechanical insects, gigantic
  dragons and even other players. Team up with three other friends to battle with
  or against each other in fully destructible environments in a variety of action-
  packed story and multiplayer modes where weapons are never in short supply and
  threats are hiding behind every corner. Players will be able to arm their tanks
  with lasers, machine guns, missile pods, the dreaded Colossus Missile along with
  power-ups scattered throughout each map.
release: 2012-11-18
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tank! Tank! Tank! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tank! Tank! Tank! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tank! Tank! Tank! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tank! Tank! Tank! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tank! Tank! Tank! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE (USA)/Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Slay monsters—and slay like a pop star—in this brand-new RPG from acclaimed
  developer Atlus. An interdimensional evil has invaded modern-day Tokyo,
  resulting in this fantastical barrage of music, style, and yes, danger. So fight
  back! Battle through dungeons to pump up your strategy and creatively decimate
  your foes...before all hope fades to black.
release: 2016-06-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Wii Fit U (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Wii Fit U (USA)/Wii Fit U (USA).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Sports
description:
  Wii Fit U is a new installment in the Wii Fit series, a brand that has sold more
  than 40 million units worldwide. The game combines fun and fitness with new
  exercises and activities, and incorporates the GamePad in unique ways. It's
  compatible with the existing Wii Balance Board, and Wii Fit and Wii Fit Plus
  owners can transfer their existing workout data. Nintendo also revealed the Fit
  Meter, an advanced activity monitor that will be packaged with the game and
  enables users to track fitness activities throughout the day and upload that
  data back into Wii Fit U.
release: 2013-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wii Fit U (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wii Fit U (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wii Fit U (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wii Fit U (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wii Fit U (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wonderful 101, The (USA) (En,Ja)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Wonderful 101, The (USA) (En,Ja)/Wonderful 101, The (USA) (En,Ja).json
developer: PlatinumGames
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Strategy
description:
  Earth is under attack from an invasion of enormous aliens, and the only thing
  that can protect the planet is a group of unlikely, yet mighty, heroes with
  special abilities. Unfortunately, the aliens are too powerful for the heroes to
  fight individually. They must join forces and work together to defeat their
  common enemy. These uniquely different heroes can morph into powerful weapons to
  crush the invaders or turn into objects like a giant fist or bridge to interact
  with and traverse the environments.
release: 2013-09-15
players: 5
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wonderful 101, The (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wonderful 101, The (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wonderful 101, The (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wonderful 101, The (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wonderful 101, The (USA) (En,Ja).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Xenoblade Chronicles X (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Xenoblade Chronicles X (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Xenoblade Chronicles X (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Monolith Soft
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The next massive sci-fi role-playing game from Monolith Soft, the creators of
  Baten Kaitos and Xenoblade Chronicles, comes exclusively to Wii U. A terrible
  intergalactic war leaves just a handful of Earth survivors trying to live in a
  beautiful yet hostile environment. Players engage in battles against powerful
  creatures of all forms and sizes using the deep battle system that builds on the
  triumphs of Xenoblade Chronicles for Wii.
  .
  FEATURES:
  .
  Riding and controlling a weaponized mech, players can explore every inch of the
  massive open world displayed in gorgeous high-definition graphics. The world is
  filled with strange and imaginative creatures, from small bugs to giant
  dinosaurs.\n
  As characters improve in different classes, they will learn new combat and
  defensive skills, or Arts. Players can customize the Arts palette as their
  characters learn new Arts. All Arts have a “recast" time – once cast, the player
  must wait out a “cooldown" period before that Art can be used again.\n
  Players can customize everything about the main character's appearance,
  including gender, shapes, height, skin color, voice and tattoos.
release: 2015-04-29
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Xenoblade Chronicles X (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Xenoblade Chronicles X (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Xenoblade Chronicles X (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Xenoblade Chronicles X (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Xenoblade Chronicles X (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Yoshi's Woolly World (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Yoshi's Woolly World (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Yoshi's Woolly World (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Good-Feel
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Yoshi's Woolly World is a platform game in which the player assumes the role of
  Yoshi. Similar to developer Good-Feel's previous title Kirby's Epic Yarn, the
  game is set in a world where the characters and environment are composed of yarn
  and cloth. Yoshi retains much of his moveset from the Yoshi's Island series of
  games, including using his tongue to swallow enemies and using his flutter jump
  to reach hard areas, and many elements such as flowers and mystery clouds
  return. However, unlike other games where swallowing enemies would produce eggs
  which Yoshi could then throw, Yoshi instead produces balls of yarn. These yarn
  balls have various uses when thrown, such as tying up enemies or filling in
  certain platforms and objects. Players can also gather white chicks, which
  produce temporary cloud platforms when thrown. The game also supports up to two
  players cooperatively, with players able to swallow and throw their partners,
  allowing them to reach otherwise inaccessible areas.
  .
  The game supports Nintendo's Amiibo figurines and Yoshi has the capability of
  using woolen transformations to progress through the game. For example Yoshi can
  transform his legs into wheels.
release: 2015-06-26
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Yoshi's Woolly World (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Yoshi's Woolly World (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Yoshi's Woolly World (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Yoshi's Woolly World (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Yoshi's Woolly World (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Your Shape - Fitness Evolved 2013 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/Your Shape - Fitness Evolved 2013 (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Your Shape - Fitness Evolved 2013 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Blue Byte Software
publisher: Ubisoft Entertainment
genre: Sports
description:
  Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2013 is a leading-edge fitness products that will
  help achieving and setting goals in an engaging and motivating way. Players can
  create a personalized fitness program lasting up to four weeks, choose workout
  frequency and tailor to their current fitness level and preferences. With 125
  different workouts and 215 moves Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2013 delivers a
  massive array of activities. Players can also connect online with friends to
  compete and collaborate their way to fitness.
release: 2012-11-18
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Your Shape - Fitness Evolved 2013 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Your Shape - Fitness Evolved 2013 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Your Shape - Fitness Evolved 2013 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Your Shape - Fitness Evolved 2013 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Your Shape - Fitness Evolved 2013 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: ZombiU (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo Wii U/ZombiU (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/ZombiU (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: Ubisoft Montpellier
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  Developed by Ubisoft Montpellier, the studio behind critically acclaimed titles
  like From Dust, Beyond Good & Evil and, Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter, ZombiU
  puts players in the middle of London circa 2012, where an outbreak has infected
  the population, destroying their humanity and turning them into mindless
  monsters preying on the flesh of the few remaining survivors. This fear-fueled
  first-person shooter invites takes all the horror, chaos and tension found in
  the best of the horror genre and adds original interactive elements, including a
  unique death mechanic that puts players in the body of a different survivor each
  time they die, allowing them to track and take down their old, infected
  characters, recover their equipment and see if they can stay alive just a little
  bit longer this time.
release: 2012-11-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/ZombiU (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/ZombiU (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/ZombiU (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/ZombiU (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/ZombiU (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: No


