collection: Sony PlayStation
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Sony PlayStation" {file.path}


game: Activision Classics (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Activision Classics (USA)/Activision Classics (USA).json
developer: Learning Technologies Interactive
publisher: Activision
genre: Action
description:
  A collection of 30 classic Activision and Imagic titles originally published for
  the Atari 2600.
  .
  The games included are:
  .
  -   Atlantis\n
  -   Barnstorming\n
  -   Boxing\n
  -   Chopper Command\n
  -   Cosmic Commuter\n
  -   Crackpots\n
  -   Dolphin\n
  -   Dragster\n
  -   Enduro\n
  -   Fishing Derby\n
  -   Freeway\n
  -   Frostbite\n
  -   Grand Prix\n
  -   H.E.R.O.\n
  -   Ice Hockey\n
  -   Kaboom!\n
  -   Keystone Kapers\n
  -   Laser Blast\n
  -   Megamania\n
  -   Pitfall!\n
  -   Plaque Attack\n
  -   River Raid\n
  -   River Raid II\n
  -   Seaquest\n
  -   Skiing\n
  -   Sky Jinks\n
  -   Spider Fighter\n
  -   Stampede\n
  -   Starmaster\n
  -   Tennis
release: 1998-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Activision Classics (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Activision Classics (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Activision Classics (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Activision Classics (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Activision Classics (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Alien Resurrection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Alien Resurrection (USA)/Alien Resurrection (USA).json
developer: Argonaut Games
publisher: Fox Interactive
genre: Shooter
description:
  Two hundred years after the events of Alien³, Lieutenant Ellen Ripley is cloned
  by military scientists interested in the Alien Queen she had become a host for.
  Like the "Company" from the earlier films, the military intends to use the Queen
  to breed a force of bio-weapons. But then something goes wrong; the Aliens they
  are studying manage to escape, and swarm throughout the science ship. It's up to
  four stranded heroes - Ripley, Call, DiStephano and Christie - to wipe out the
  Aliens, and return the ship safely to Earth.
  .
  Gameplay is standard FPS action, with limited ammo and plenty of hazards to
  detour around or find the switch to deactivate. The player switches between the
  four main characters at each level change, each with a slightly different set of
  abilities (Call has a motion tracker, Christie has his twin pistols from the
  film). Levels are based around keeping the Auriga running, and making their way
  through the ship to escape.
release: 2000-10-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alien Resurrection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alien Resurrection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alien Resurrection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alien Resurrection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Alien Resurrection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Alundra (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Alundra (USA)/Alundra (USA).json
developer: Matrix Software
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Alundra is a boy who can step into other people's dreams. His own dreams tell
  him to go to the village Inoa. The ship on which Alundra is coming to the
  village goes down, but Alundra himself is washed up on a beach near the village.
  There, a blacksmith Jess takes care of him and treats him like his own son. But
  Alundra, stepping into the dreams of the village people, understands there's a
  danger somewhere. The people have horrible nightmares, and only Alundra can find
  out what they mean...
  .
  Alundra is an action role playing game (RPG) somewhat similar to the famous
  Zelda games. It uses real-time combat and has a lot of physical and
  environmental puzzles. A big part of the game is spent in dungeons, where the
  player has to solve puzzles in order to proceed.
release: 1997-12-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alundra (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alundra (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alundra (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alundra (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Alundra (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Alundra 2 - A New Legend Begins (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Alundra 2 - A New Legend Begins (USA)/Alundra 2 - A New Legend Begins (USA).json
developer: Matrix Software
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  You are Flint, a renegade swordsman on a quest to free a kingdom from the grip
  of a sinister ruler. Through a land of hidden danger you wield your weapon,
  navigating an intricate story wrought with bizarre characters, brain-twisting
  puzzles and wild games. Beware! An even greater evil is about to be revealed...
release: 2000-02-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alundra 2 - A New Legend Begins (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alundra 2 - A New Legend Begins (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alundra 2 - A New Legend Begins (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alundra 2 - A New Legend Begins (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Alundra 2 - A New Legend Begins (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Apocalypse (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Apocalypse (USA)/Apocalypse (USA).json
developer: Neversoft Entertainment
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Players assume the role of Trey Kincaid, a nano-physicist played by Hollywood
  action star Bruce Willis. And darn it if he isn't the world's only hope; he has
  been called upon to defend the world, destroy the Four Horsemen, and thwart the
  Reverend's plans.
  .
  Apocalypse's goal is a simple one: progress throughout multiple levels and
  destroy, kill, and exterminate any and all resistance. Played from a
  third-person 3D viewpoint, Kincaid can maneuver in a 360-degree rotational
  manner; this is very important as the action takes place on all sides.
release: 1998-10-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Apocalypse (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Apocalypse (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Apocalypse (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Apocalypse (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Apocalypse (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Arc the Lad Collection - Arc Arena - Monster Tournament (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc Arena - Monster Tournament (USA)/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc Arena - Monster Tournament (USA).json
developer: ARC Entertainment
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Arc the Lad Collection is a compilation of the Arc the Lad RPGs for the
  PlayStation. The games were localized by Working Designs. Plans to localize the
  games had been fostered by Working Designs since the late 1990s, but the
  compilation was not released until 2002.
  .
  The games form a trilogy with a continuous story throughout each. Although Arc
  is the primary protagonist, each game features a new lead character. Arc the Lad
  sets the stage for the next two games and follows Arc and Kukuru as they
  discover a plot to restore the Dark One. Arc the Lad II introduces Elc, a young
  Hunter that becomes tangled in the plot and eventually joins the battle against
  the Dark One. Arc the Lad III features Alec, a young Hunter with a mysterious
  past.
release: 2002-04-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc Arena - Monster Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc Arena - Monster Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc Arena - Monster Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc Arena - Monster Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc Arena - Monster Tournament (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad (USA)/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad (USA).json
developer: ARC Entertainment
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The first game in the series that really defined what a Strategy/RPG could be
  introduces players to a magical world teetering on the edge of destruction. Only
  young Arc posses the power to stop the impending destruction, as he fights his
  way to unsealing the power of Ark, with help from his friends Kukuru, Poco,
  Tosh, Gogen, and Iga.
release: 2002-04-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad II (USA)/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad II (USA).json
developer: ARC Entertainment
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The second game in the Arc series introduces Elc, a bounty hunter with a tragic
  past. He must join forces with Arc to stop the minions of the Dark One, whose
  presence was only hinted in the first game. A vast array of impressive
  Strategy/RPG innovations are introduced in this chapter, like the job system,
  weapon melding, and multiple-viewpoint storylines. In another first in U.S.
  console gaming, players can load Arc the Lad II save data into the innovative
  Arc Arena CD that is included in this package. Players can then take monsters
  captured in their individual games and battle it out for prizes in the monster
  tournament.
release: 2002-04-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad III (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad III (USA)/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad III (USA).json
developer: ARC Entertainment
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Arc the Lad III introduces a new lead character Alec, and ties up all the
  storylines developed in the first two games in a way that will leave diehard
  role-playing fans breathless. It also brings the Arc world into a fully-3D
  polygon environment! Join Alec as he continues Arc's heroic battle to save the
  world from the black advance of ultimate evil!
release: 2002-04-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad III (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad III (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad III (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad III (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Arc the Lad Collection - Arc the Lad III (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Arc the Lad Collection - The Making of Arc the Lad (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Arc the Lad Collection - The Making of Arc the Lad (USA)/Arc the Lad Collection - The Making of Arc the Lad (USA).json
developer: ARC Entertainment
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Six Disc Collector's Edition!
  .
  .
  Includes 5 Game CDs, and 1 Exclusive "Making of Arc the Lad" CD!
  .
  150+ Page Letherette Hardbound Artbook/Instruction Manual!
  .
  Exclusive Thumb Button Covers!
  .
  Exclusive Memory Card Holder!
  .
  Exclusive Character Mini-Standees!
  .
  .
  Built in Save Conversion!
  .
  .
  Convert Data from one chapter to the next to unlock secret events and special
  items!
release: 2002-04-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Arc the Lad Collection - The Making of Arc the Lad (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Arc the Lad Collection - The Making of Arc the Lad (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Arc the Lad Collection - The Making of Arc the Lad (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Arc the Lad Collection - The Making of Arc the Lad (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Arc the Lad Collection - The Making of Arc the Lad (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Armored Core (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Armored Core (USA)/Armored Core (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: SCEA
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  In the presumably distant future, the vast majority of Earth's population is
  wiped out by a cataclysmic war known as the Great Destruction. The harsh
  conditions that result force the few remaining survivors to live underground for
  fifty years, during which time corporations come to power. The two largest
  corporations, Chrome and Murakumo Millennium, constantly battle each other for
  supremacy, causing significant strife among the populace. However, the
  competition provides endless opportunities for the Ravens, mercenaries who exist
  independently of the corporations. You, the protagonist, pilot an armored core
  (AC), which is a giant mecha robot.
release: 1997-10-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Armored Core (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Armored Core (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Armored Core (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Armored Core (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Armored Core (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Assault - Retribution (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Assault - Retribution (USA)/Assault - Retribution (USA).json
developer: Candle Light Studios
publisher: Midway
genre: Action
description:
  Assault: Retribution supplies you with some of the best firepower modern
  technology can provide, as well as various customization options to ensure
  "better living through quick death disbursement." Washington utilizes a barrage
  of destructive weaponry such as the P-420 Multi-Phase Pulse Rifle and the aptly
  named Cutter; Doyle uses a variety of Homing Missiles, Beam Lasers, and the D-16
  Magnetic Bolt Accelerator. There's also a plethora of pickups including weapon
  upgrades, health, ammunition recharges, smart bombs, extra lives, and shields.
  Save points within each level let you resume the killing when it is most
  convenient for you. And (rare as of 1999), there is a two-player cooperative
  mode in case you feel that one ultimate killing machine just isn't enough.
  .
  Assault: Retribution is a 3D platform shooting game that takes place across
  seven futuristic levels, includes two playable characters with alternate routes,
  analog control, and memory card support. You can't spell action, adrenaline or
  assault with out an "A," so go out and kick a few!
release: 1998-10-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Assault - Retribution (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Assault - Retribution (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Assault - Retribution (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Assault - Retribution (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Assault - Retribution (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Baldur's Gate (USA) (Proto) (2000-10-04)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Baldur's Gate (USA) (Proto) (2000-10-04)/Baldur's Gate (USA) (Proto) (2000-10-04).json
developer: BioWare
publisher: Interplay Entertainment
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  This is the unreleased Playstation version of Baldur's Gate leaked to the
  internet in 2009. It is considered to be very close to a finished game, although
  not completely.
release: 2000-10-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Baldur's Gate (USA) (Proto) (2000-10-04).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Baldur's Gate (USA) (Proto) (2000-10-04).jpg
assets.background: Background/Baldur's Gate (USA) (Proto) (2000-10-04).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Baldur's Gate (USA) (Proto) (2000-10-04).jpg
assets.video: Video/Baldur's Gate (USA) (Proto) (2000-10-04).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Battle Arena Toshinden (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Battle Arena Toshinden (USA)/Battle Arena Toshinden (USA).json
developer: Tamsoft
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Fighting
description:
  In Battle Arena Toshinden eight world renown weapon fighters have been invited
  to a mysterious tournament. It is one of the first one-on-one beat-em-ups to
  feature the ability to sidestep a full 360 degrees around the opponent allowing
  one to strike from any angle. Aside from the 3d movement, Toshinden's game play
  can be considered similar to Street Fighter, but in 3d and with a little less
  depth to the moves.
  .
  Two versions of Toshinden were released; for the Sony PlayStation and later a
  lesser known version for DOS PC's. However the PC version is not a straight port
  of the PlayStation version and plays and looks notably different despite sharing
  the same characters, attacks and controls.
  .
  The U.S and E.U Playstation versions of Toshinden feature redone voices in
  English and redone music using different instruments.
  .
  The lyrics on Sofia's stage music in the Japanese version, which were actually
  in English, were removed in the process, likely due to their suggestive nature.
  .
  Sofia's and Ellis' voices in the English translation are also notably adjusted,
  for presumably the same reason; while the other characters English voices
  generally match the tones of the original Japanese voice actors, Sofia is far
  less suggestive sounding, while Ellis sounds notably older.
  .
  The later Dos version of Toshinden however, uses the same audio as the Japanese
  Playstation version in all regions, albeit recorded at a considerably lower
  quality than they were on Playstation.
release: 1995-01-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Battle Arena Toshinden (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Battle Arena Toshinden (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Battle Arena Toshinden (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Battle Arena Toshinden (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Battle Arena Toshinden (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Battle Hunter (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Battle Hunter (USA)/Battle Hunter (USA).json
developer: Success
publisher: A1 Games
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  In Battle Hunter, play as a warrior that battles monsters and collects treasures
  from dungeons. To do this the player must go into a dungeon and find the target
  item that must be acquired. However, monsters are also lurking around plus the
  boss who will pop out if the game goes to long! The player may also fight other
  warriors to get their items (this is useful if someone else has the target
  item).
  .
  The game supports up to four players.
release: 2001-06-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Battle Hunter (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Battle Hunter (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Battle Hunter (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Battle Hunter (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Battle Hunter (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Beyond the Beyond (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Beyond the Beyond (USA)/Beyond the Beyond (USA).json
developer: Camelot Software Planning
publisher: Sony
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Beyond the Beyond gather warriors mages pirates and mystics ,, observe as they
  transform into more powerful class .. clerks evolve into high clerks monks into
  master monks and conjurers into mighty summers. unravel complex secrets in two
  rishly textured views .. explore in lush top-down isometric view and battle
  savage enemies in full 360 .frow stronger and smarter with each victory your
  swordmanship increses in power and your magic will swell with potent energy .
  use supreme magic to summon monsters and fatal storms hurl tormentors into
  another dimension . drown them in a boiling sea of fire.
release: 1995-11-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Beyond the Beyond (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Beyond the Beyond (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Beyond the Beyond (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Beyond the Beyond (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Beyond the Beyond (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Blaster Master - Blasting Again (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Blaster Master - Blasting Again (USA)/Blaster Master - Blasting Again (USA).json
developer: Sunsoft
publisher: Sunsoft
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Years ago, the Earth was threatened by an evil being known as the Plutonium
  Boss. The Plutonium Boss and his minions were devouring the Earth from within,
  and if they had succeeded, Earth would've been destroyed.
  .
  He didn't count on a young man named Jason, a beautiful alien woman named Eve,
  and their battle tank, the Sofia MA-01...because of his underestimation, the
  Plutonium Boss was defeated.
  .
  Since then, Jason had been defending the Earth from any threat that arises, with
  Eve by his side. She even bore him two children, Roddy and Elfie. Jason trained
  Elfie in engineering, and Roddy in battling in Sofia. But now Jason and Eve have
  died, and Roddy must take his father's place as defender of the Earth.
  .
  And an old threat seems to be arising to challenge this new generation of
  heroes...
release: 2001-02-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blaster Master - Blasting Again (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blaster Master - Blasting Again (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blaster Master - Blasting Again (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blaster Master - Blasting Again (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Blaster Master - Blasting Again (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Blood Omen - Legacy of Kain (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Blood Omen - Legacy of Kain (USA)/Blood Omen - Legacy of Kain (USA).json
developer: Silicon Knights
publisher: Crystal Dynamics
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The nobleman Kain has been slain by a group of bandits and in his death, he is
  revived by the necromancer, Mortanius for his own ends. Kain is returned in the
  form of a vampire and yearns to exact vengeance on those who had killed him.
  Stronger and faster than a human being, coupled with a thirst for blood that
  must be satisfied regularly, he is able to dispatch his killers quickly.
  However, Mortanius and other forces seek to use him a tool in a greater plot.
  Mortanius is of the Circle of Nine, the guardians of the Pillars of Nosgoth.
  These pillars, the center of the world and balancing the forces, have become
  corrupted and the Circle members been driven mad. At the Pillars, Kain meet
  Ariel - a former guardian of the the Pillar of Balance, now a spirit after being
  murdered by an unseen assailant. She informs Kain of his relation to the Pillars
  and that the only way for him to restore the balance is to seek out each
  guardian and kill them. The fate of Nosgoth may hang on Kain decisions.
  .
  Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain is a top-down game where the player controls the
  vampiric Kain. As a vampire, Kain is able to withstand sunlight, but is harmed
  by water. However, he is able to obtain several cursed abilities and spells such
  as being able to transform into a bat, wolf, and even a cloud mist respectively,
  as well as learning the ability to disguise himself from creatures of weaker
  mind. Kain is also fixated on murder and is a master of several ways to kill and
  destroy his opponents. As the enemies are slain in front of him, Kain may drink
  their blood to restore his health, which is always trickling away,
  representative of his insatiable craving. To aid in the slaughter of his
  enemies, Kain may equip different weapons and armor, each with its own unique
  properties.
release: 1996-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blood Omen - Legacy of Kain (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blood Omen - Legacy of Kain (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blood Omen - Legacy of Kain (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blood Omen - Legacy of Kain (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Blood Omen - Legacy of Kain (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Board Game - Top Shop (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Board Game - Top Shop (USA)/Board Game - Top Shop (USA).json
developer: Kid
publisher: A1 Games
genre: Puzzle;Strategy
description:
  In Top Shop, you must be the first to reach a certain amount of money by
  building shops in different kinds of malls. You choose from an assortment of
  characters from humans, and talking cats to moving televisions. There are also
  random events like closing down shops or receiving money from other people. The
  game can go up to 6 players.
release: 2001-12-04
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Board Game - Top Shop (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Board Game - Top Shop (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Board Game - Top Shop (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Board Game - Top Shop (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Board Game - Top Shop (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Brave Fencer Musashi (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Brave Fencer Musashi (USA)/Brave Fencer Musashi (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  150 years ago, the legendary warrior known as the Brave Fencer Musashi saved the
  kingdom of Allucaneet from the evil Wizard of Darkness. Now, his spirit is
  reincarnated in a young, rather short-tempered boy. Fillet, the princess of
  Allucaneet, summons the reluctant hero to the palace and gives him the powerful
  sword Fusion, which he needs to defeat the evil Thirstquencher Empire. It soon
  turns out that the Empire is after another legendary sword, Lumina, so Musashi's
  first task is to get it before the bad guys do!..
  .
  Brave Fencer Musashi is an action game with strong RPG elements. Controlling
  Musashi, the player explores the pre-rendered backgrounds from third person view
  (similarly to Final Fantasy VII), visiting towns, talking to NPCs, etc. There is
  a day/night cycle in the game, which is manifested in the schedules of NPCs
  and/or monsters, as well as Musashi's fatigue level, which increases if he
  doesn't sleep enough. Musashi uses the two swords, Fusion and Lumina, to fight
  his enemies. The two swords have different properties: while Fusion behaves more
  or less like a traditional melee weapon, Lumina needs to be imbued with various
  elemental items in order to unleash powerful attacks.
release: 1998-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Brave Fencer Musashi (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Brave Fencer Musashi (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Brave Fencer Musashi (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Brave Fencer Musashi (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Brave Fencer Musashi (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Break Out (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Break Out (USA)/Break Out (USA).json
developer: Supersonic Software
publisher: Atari
genre: Action
description:
  An updated remake of the 1976 Arcade classic of the same name, Breakout for the
  PlayStation dispenses with the simplistic lines and dots of the original game
  and adds power-ups, 3D interactive worlds, multiple levels (that must be
  unlocked) and, of course, a storyline. Only the basic objective remains the
  same: maneuvering a paddle to keep a ball in play so it can ricochet off a wall
  of bricks (or other items in this case), effectively eliminating the bricks from
  the playfield.
  .
  The Breakout world of 2000 is an island filled with bizarre creatures in the
  form of paddles and balls. Bouncer enjoys his life their with Daisy, his
  beautiful girlfriend. All was fine in paradise until one day when Bouncer took a
  swim out to sea to rescue a ball. While Bouncer was gone, the evil Batnix and
  his henchmen kidnapped Daisy.
release: 2000-09-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Break Out (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Break Out (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Break Out (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Break Out (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Break Out (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Breath of Fire IV (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Breath of Fire IV (USA)/Breath of Fire IV (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Nina, the princess of Wyndia, and Cray, chieftain of the cat-like Woren tribe,
  are searching for Cray's relatives who disappeared under mysterious
  circumstances during a diplomatic mission. Flying through the sky on their
  sandflier, Nina and Cray are attacked by a worm shaped dragon. With their
  vehicle damaged, Nina returns to the city to find parts, bumping into a naked
  young boy named Ryu along the way, who is unsure of where he is. At the very
  same time, Nina is again attacked by a dragon. Confused by the strange events
  taking place, Nina agrees to help the young boy. Meanwhile, the ancient Emperor
  Fou Lu awakens from his slumber in his tomb. His plan is to return to the world
  of human, conquer it anew, and impose his iron rule on it...
  .
  This fourth installment of the Breath of Fire series is a fairly traditional
  Japanese-style RPG, with turn-based combat, party management, linear story
  progression, and other characteristic elements of the genre. As in the previous
  game, characters become stronger and learn new skills by performing tasks for
  "masters" living in different towns. Ryu, the main protagonist of the series,
  has retained the series' trademark gameplay element: the ability to turn into a
  dragon during combat. Breath of Fire IV is rich in mini-games of various types,
  including the popular fishing mini-game that was present in previous
  installments as well.	After centuries of war, the two lands bordering an
  impenetrable swampland have finally reached an armistice. Mysteriously, the
  noble Princess Elena disappears somewhere near the war-ravaged front lines.
  Distraught, her sister Nina goes in search of the Princess alone and on her
  journey, meets a mysterious young warrior named Ryu. Their destinies soon
  entwine. The next chapter in the epic tale of magic and mystery now unfolds. The
  fate of what lies ahead rests in your control.
release: 2000-11-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Breath of Fire IV (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Breath of Fire IV (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Breath of Fire IV (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Breath of Fire IV (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Breath of Fire IV (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Brigandine - Grand Edition (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Brigandine - Grand Edition (Japan)/Brigandine - Grand Edition (Japan).json
developer: Hearty Robin
publisher: Atlus Co.
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Located in the central plains of Forsena, Almekia finally brough peace of the
  land by finally defeating the country of Norgard, in 214.
  .
  The long war was finally over...However, in the second month of 215, Admiral
  Zemeckis assasinated King Henguist of Almekia. Almekia collapsed and Zemeckis
  proclaimed himself emperor and established the Esgares.
  .
  He was possessed by the desire to conquer the world and began his assault on
  neighboring countries...You will become one of the Knights of the Rune and
  participate in the war for the continent. Your mission: Bring peace back to
  Forsena...
  .
  GRAND EDITION VERSION:\n
  The remake of the game released in 2000 had many significant changes,
  including:\n
  - Multiplayer game mode: allowing up to 6 players, each controlling a nation.\n
  - The Esgares Empire became a fully playable nation, and gained plot cut
  scenes.\n
  - Changes on battle mode gameplay: Like on the Fire Emblem series, elements
  became based on the Rock, Paper, Scissors rule: red is effective against green,
  green is effective against blue, and blue is effective against red. White and
  black still oppose each other.\n
  - If, after 13 turns of battle, the attacking side has a unit over the defending
  side's castle, the attacking side now wins.\n
  - Monsters became able to equip items.\n
  - The player is redirected to a final boss, when the continent is successfully
  conquered.\n
  - The original 3D opening was replaced by an anime opening.\n
  - Many dialog-only cut scenes where replaced by anime cut scenes.\n
  - 3D battle animations replaced by simpler and faster 2D animations.\n
  - Major changes on soundtrack.\n
  - New rune knights, character classes, items and monsters.\n
  - Voice acting is present with Japanese Seiyu, including the voice talents of
  Soichiro Hoshi, Mitsuaki Madono and Yuri Shiratori to name a few.
release: 2000-05-18
players: 6
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Brigandine - Grand Edition (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Brigandine - Grand Edition (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Brigandine - Grand Edition (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Brigandine - Grand Edition (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Brigandine - Grand Edition (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Broken Helix (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Broken Helix (USA)/Broken Helix (USA).json
developer: Konami Computer Entertainment Chicago, Inc.
publisher: Konami Digital Entertainment, Inc.
genre: Action
description:
  Broken Helix puts you in the boots of an armed marine of a special forces team.
  You are sent in to a military base which has been taken over by terrorists for
  unknown reasons.
  .
  The main character is voiced by Bruce Campbell, star of the Evil Dead movies.
  Throughout the game, he makes wisecracks and one-liners, and dialogue with
  personnel is generally comical.
  .
  Broken Helix is considered a 4D game. For example, if you are on the third
  floor, you may have to make your way up to the fifth floor in order to defuse a
  bomb. There is no visible time limit, but if you do not make it up to that floor
  in time, the bomb will go off, and you will die.
  .
  There are various objectives to complete, such as disarming bombs and finding
  certain items, but the game is mostly action/adventure, searching for keys to
  open doors.
  .
  In order to be successful, you must sneak past cameras and other devices, in
  order to find out the truth behind the terrorist takeover.
release: 1997-05-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Broken Helix (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Broken Helix (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Broken Helix (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Broken Helix (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Broken Helix (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: C-12 - Final Resistance (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/C-12 - Final Resistance (USA)/C-12 - Final Resistance (USA).json
developer: Sony
publisher: Sony
genre: Shooter
description:
  C-12: Final Resistance is set in the aftermath of a hostile ground invasion of
  Earth by ravaging alien forces. At first, the purpose of the invasion is
  unknown, but to the horror of all surviving humans, the objective soon becomes
  clear: the aliens plan to harvest all non-radioactive carbon from planet Earth
  (thus the title C-12).
  .
  Most of the human race has been decimated, and those captured alive are used for
  "droning," the process by which the aliens reprogram humans into cyborg
  warriors.
  .
  It is up to you, playing as resistance fighter Riley Vaughan, to save the Earth
  from impending doom. Armed with an imaging unit that has been implanted to
  replace his left eye, as well as a powerful arsenal of weapons, Vaughan must
  complete tasks, collect items, and destroy the enemy in order to carry out his
  missions and uncover the secrets behind the alien invasion.
release: 2002-07-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/C-12 - Final Resistance (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/C-12 - Final Resistance (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/C-12 - Final Resistance (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/C-12 - Final Resistance (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/C-12 - Final Resistance (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (USA)/Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Five years ago, Richter Belmont, the latest in the Belmont lineage and the one
  destined to be a Vampire Hunter, defeated Dracula in a brutal battle which
  nearly cost him the love of his life, Annette, and her sister, Maria. Now,
  Richter has suddenly vanished, CastleVania has mysteriously reappeared, and
  Maria, now a young woman, sets off to find Richter. Alucard, the son of Dracula,
  is awakened from his eternal slumber after this large shift in power, and enters
  into Castlevania to find some answers and perhaps destroy the castle once again.
  .
  Symphony of the Night is a direct sequel to Dracula X: Rondo of Blood. The game
  is set in a castle which you can explore freely with many different paths,
  although often items in certain areas need to be found that will allow passage
  to others. The action-based gameplay incorporates now strong RPG elements. The
  hero receives experience points for defeating enemies, gains levels and becomes
  more powerful. There is also money to be found in the game, and various
  accessories to buy. In a separate screen, players need to equip attack weapons,
  shields and other items. Magic plays an important role, as well as secondary
  weapons and a large amount of "special moves" that are executed similar to
  advanced one-on-one fighting games.
release: 1997-10-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castlevania Chronicles (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Castlevania Chronicles (USA)/Castlevania Chronicles (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The plot of Castlevania Chronicles is similar to that of the first Castlevania:
  in the end of the 17th century the dreadful vampire Dracula is resurrected after
  a century of slumber. The people in Transylvania flee in horror, but the brave
  Simon Belmont takes his Vampire Killer whip and ventures into the ominous castle
  to put an end to the Lord of Darkness.
  .
  The similarities to the first installment of the series are also evident in the
  game's overall structure and basic gameplay, as well as in level design and
  usable items. Most of the weapons and items from the first game return, with
  more rare and hidden items making an appearance. Familiar stages have been
  re-designed, and many new stages are introduced as well.
release: 2001-10-08
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania Chronicles (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Chaos Break (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Chaos Break (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It)/Chaos Break (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).json
developer: Taito Corporation
publisher: Taito Corporation
genre: Fighting;Horror;Shooter
description:
  Chaos Break is essentially a third-person shooting game, with echoes of survival
  horror such as Resident Evil. Set in an abandoned biochemical laboratory on an
  isolated island, the two player characters, Mitsuki and Rick, are part of an
  investigatory and cleansing force sent to find out the cause of an 'anomalous
  thermal reaction'. This game is a spin-off, set in the same universe as the
  arcade game Chaos Heat.
  .
  Progress through the game is made by defeating enemies, which in this case are
  alien lifeforms and the laboratory's own automated defence system. An element of
  survival horror is introduced through the use of computer terminals, where the
  player can save and read files explaining the backstory of the game.
release: 2000-01-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chaos Break (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chaos Break (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chaos Break (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chaos Break (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Chaos Break (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Chaos Break (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Chaos Break (Japan)/Chaos Break (Japan).json
developer: Taito Corporation
publisher: Taito Corporation
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  Here it comes: A 3D adventure in real-time rendering!! The enemy is out ot get
  you! A mystery needs to be solved!! The human race begins its battle with
  mysterious alien cells that fuse with molecular structures of all kinds...
release: 2000-01-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chaos Break (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chaos Break (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chaos Break (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chaos Break (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Chaos Break (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon (Japan)/Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon (Japan).json
developer: Square Co., Ltd.
publisher: Bandai
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Chocobo's Mysterious Dungeon is a video game made for the Sony PlayStation and
  Bandai WonderSwan. The game is vaguely linked to the Final Fantasy series by the
  series' trademark mascot, the chocobo.
  .
  The title character in Chocobo's Mysterious Dungeon is a yellow chocobo named
  Poulet (???, Pure?) (a pun on the Japanese "pureiya" meaning "player" and the
  French word "poulet" meaning "chicken"), but the player can rename him. Poulet
  is accompanied by his moogle traveling companion, Atla.
  .
  Chocobo's Mysterious Dungeon borrows many of its game play elements from the
  Mystery Dungeon sub-genre of rogue-like RPGs. Dungeon layouts are randomly
  generated, along with the appearance of enemies and items. Items discovered by
  the player are initially unidentified and may be cursed or otherwise have
  adverse effects when used or equipped.
release: 1997-12-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Chrono Cross (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Chrono Cross (USA)/Chrono Cross (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Chrono Cross features standard RPG gameplay with some differences. Players
  advance the game by controlling the protagonist Serge through the game's world,
  primarily by foot and boat. Navigation between areas is conducted via an
  overworld map, much like Chrono Trigger's, depicting the landscape from a scaled
  down overhead view. Around the island world are villages, outdoor areas, and
  dungeons, through which the player moves in three dimensions. Locations such as
  cities and forests are represented by more realistically scaled field maps, in
  which players can converse with locals to procure items and services, solve
  puzzles and challenges, or encounter enemies. Like Chrono Trigger, the game
  features no random encounters; enemies are openly visible on field maps or lie
  in wait to ambush the party
release: 2000-08-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chrono Cross (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chrono Cross (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chrono Cross (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chrono Cross (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Chrono Cross (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Clock Tower (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Clock Tower (USA)/Clock Tower (USA).json
developer: Human Entertainment
publisher: Ascii Entertainment
genre: Adventure
description:
  Originally titled Clock Tower II, this game is a sequel to Clock Tower. You must
  stop a disfigured mass murderer named Scissorman who has been terrorising the
  citizens of Norway in this full 3D point and click adventure, but watch out:
  Scissorman will be after you!
  .
  The game is spread across three scenarios (including a prologue at the start).
  Through the course of the game, people are being killed one by one by the
  notorious Scissorman. Once Scissorman shows up, you will have to find a hiding
  place or something to knock the Scissorman out with. Between levels, there is
  also an intermission in which the player can take a look around the town before
  going onto the next level.
release: 1997-10-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Clock Tower (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Clock Tower (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Clock Tower (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Clock Tower (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Clock Tower (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Clock Tower - The First Fear (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Clock Tower - The First Fear (Japan)/Clock Tower - The First Fear (Japan).json
developer: Human Entertainment
publisher: Sunsoft
genre: Horror
description:
  The story follows orphan Jennifer Simpson soon after she is adopted by the
  Barrows family along with other orphaned girls. With the introduction of
  Scissorman, the game's antagonist, one of the other children is killed. Jennifer
  must then explore the Barrows Mansion to find a way to escape while evading
  Scissorman.
release: 1997-07-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Clock Tower - The First Fear (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Clock Tower - The First Fear (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Clock Tower - The First Fear (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Clock Tower - The First Fear (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Clock Tower - The First Fear (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Clock Tower II - The Struggle Within (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Clock Tower II - The Struggle Within (USA)/Clock Tower II - The Struggle Within (USA).json
developer: Human Entertainment
publisher: Human Entertainment
genre: Action;Adventure;Puzzle;Role-Playing
description:
  Clock Tower II: The Struggle Within, known in Japan as Clock Tower Ghost Head
  (クロックタワーゴーストヘッド?), is a point-and-click adventure game created by Human
  Entertainment, published by Agetec, and released for the PlayStation in 1998. It
  is a spin-off to the Clock Tower series and has almost nothing to do with the
  previous games besides its gameplay.
  .
  Following its predecessors, the gameplay is more about hiding and solving
  puzzles, rather than fighting the player's pursuers. This degenerates as the
  plot advances, and the main character is eventually forced to use guns and other
  tools in several endgame action sequences.
  .
  Its interface consists of a point-and-click system similar to the one used by
  Sierra Entertainment games, such as the Gabriel Knight series. There is an
  inventory screen that appears if the user drags the pointer to the upper side of
  the screen. The game's engine looks similar to Clock Tower 2 (Clock Tower in
  North America), with a few minor alterations.
release: 1999-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Clock Tower II - The Struggle Within (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Clock Tower II - The Struggle Within (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Clock Tower II - The Struggle Within (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Clock Tower II - The Struggle Within (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Clock Tower II - The Struggle Within (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Contra - Legacy of War (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Contra - Legacy of War (USA)/Contra - Legacy of War (USA).json
developer: Appaloosa Interactive
publisher: Konami
genre: Shooter
description:
  Aliens have infested the earth once more, and all is lost unless you step into
  the fray and take action against these otherworldly inhabitants. Contra: Legacy
  of War is a continuation of the long-running saga that started back on the
  Nintendo Entertainment System where a lone solider, with the choice of a partner
  (two-player mode) is faced with the pending threat of a total world domination
  by galactic creatures. You must battle your way level through hellish level in
  order to reach the final confrontation with the supreme entity. You wont be
  unprepared, however. There are numerous weapons and power-ups at your disposal,
  so, choose wisely soldier, the world is counting on you.
  .
  Blast through six levels of running, jumping, and shooting action. Along the
  way, use classic CONTRA weapons like the spread gun, and few new ones, like the
  powerful flame-thrower and homing rounds.
  .
  CONTRA gets a new look with 3D environments and character models. To make the
  action pop out of the screen, put on the special glasses included in the package
  and play in the 3D mode.
release: 1996-11-29
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Contra - Legacy of War (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Contra - Legacy of War (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Contra - Legacy of War (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Contra - Legacy of War (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Contra - Legacy of War (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Cool Boarders 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Cool Boarders 2 (USA)/Cool Boarders 2 (USA).json
developer: UEP Systems
publisher: Sony
genre: Sports
description:
  Cool Boarders 2 features four stock riders and six stock tracks. Many more are
  available as you progress through the game or unlock them with codes or secrets.
  .
  This installment of the Cool Boarders series features a split screen "Vs" mode,
  where two human players can race each other. It also features a one person race
  option, to race against up to six CPU controlled players.
  .
  The tracks all vary in length and challenge level. There is also a half pipe,
  Boardpark level and a Trick Master Run with continuous jumps and a tutorial to
  teach you all the moves. The move list in Cool Boarders 2 is quite extensive,
  including standard board grabs and various flips and spins. The graphic
  technology is primarily based on 3D polygonal models. The game also features red
  book audio.
release: 1997-10-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cool Boarders 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cool Boarders 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cool Boarders 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cool Boarders 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Cool Boarders 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Countdown Vampires (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Countdown Vampires (USA)/Countdown Vampires (USA).json
developer: K2
publisher: Bandai
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Because Capcom's Resident Evil single-handedly created the modern survival
  horror genre, the critically acclaimed adventure spawned countless sequels and
  clones. Conceived by Bandai Digital Entertainment, Countdown Vampires is one of
  those clones -- you will maneuver 3D characters throughout 2D backgrounds in a
  series of fixed camera angles while fending off unspeakable horrors.
  .
  As a police officer, Keith J. Snyder has been assigned a security position at
  the grand opening of Desert Moon -- a hotel casino with a horror theme located
  in Casino City. While overseeing security and making sure VIPs aren't being hurt
  at the dance club, something goes horribly wrong. As a sudden fire causes
  sprinklers to go off, the water turns black and transforms the dancers into
  murderous vampire monsters. Assuming the role of the brave police detective, a
  civic servant and the last remaining human alive, Snyder must unravel the
  mysteries of the black water while defending himself against multiple
  monstrosities.
  .
  Armed initially with a tranquilizer gun, a shock glove and an unlimited supply
  of vampire-destroying white water, Keith J. Snyder will find and utilize twelve
  weapons and items throughout the course of his adventure. Also located
  throughout the hotel casino are computer terminals, maps of the area and vending
  machines in which helpful items are sold; at computer terminals, he can access
  an e-mail program that furthers the storyline.
  .
  In Countdown Vampires, Snyder's physical health is represented by a color-based
  condition gauge found in the inventory screen; green indicates a healthy body,
  yellow represents wounded and red coloring is fatal as Snyder approaches death.
  You can heal the character using various health items found throughout the
  casino. In addition to looking out for your character's health, you will solve
  various puzzles and seek out specific keys and cards for locked doors.
  .
  Features:
  .
  * Rescue guests and turn them back into humans using an Anesthetic gun and white
  water\n
  * Take down enemies with a variety of weapons including pistols, shot guns,
  grenade launchers, and the Stun Glove\n
  * Help navigate Keith J. Snyder through a deserted and deadly casino in Plata
  Losa
release: 2000-08-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Countdown Vampires (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Countdown Vampires (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Countdown Vampires (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Countdown Vampires (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Countdown Vampires (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Critical Depth (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Critical Depth (USA)/Critical Depth (USA).json
developer: Singletrac
publisher: GT Interactive
genre: Action
description:
  A new spin on the whole vehicular combat genre- this one takes place underwater,
  and features freedom of movement throughout the ocean, instead of being
  land-bound like its brethren.
  .
  Portals have opened up all over the world's oceans- to open each portal, you
  have to collect 5 pods, while fending off the competition using whatever means
  necessary. Once opened, each portal takes you to the next level...
release: 1997-10-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Critical Depth (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Critical Depth (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Critical Depth (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Critical Depth (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Critical Depth (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Criticom (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Criticom (USA)/Criticom (USA).json
developer: Kronos Digital Entertainment
publisher: Vic Tokai
genre: Fighting
description:
  Two alien races, the Nezom and Zerai clans obtained a powerful crystalline stone
  called "The Relic," and anointed themselves "The Chosen Ones." The Chosen Ones
  used this power to subjugate the other races, exterminating those that failed to
  comply. After this era of war, The Chosen Ones began to enjoy an new age of
  peace. However, The Relic was stolen and The Chosen Ones' power was shaken. Now,
  warriors from all over the universe seek the relic, each with their own
  ambitions.
release: 1995-11-29
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Criticom (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Criticom (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Criticom (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Criticom (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Criticom (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Croc - Legend of the Gobbos (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Croc - Legend of the Gobbos (USA)/Croc - Legend of the Gobbos (USA).json
developer: Argonaut Games
publisher: Fox Interactive
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Small hairy creatures called Gobbos live peacefully on an island until one day
  they see a basket drifting in the water. After pulling it ashore they find a
  baby crocodile inside it. The Gobbos raise him as their own until he is three
  times their size. The game starts with the island being attacked by the evil
  Baron Dante and his minions. They capture most of the Gobbos, but the crocodile
  manages to escape. Now you need to rescue the Gobbos and fight Baron Dante and
  his minions.
  .
  As you make progress you visit several islands with different themes like a
  forest, snow, desert or castles. Along the way you have to collect crystals
  (which serve as health), rescue Gobbos and defeat enemies and bosses. You can
  attack enemies with your tail, destroy crates with a jump down attack and, in
  some stages, it is possible to swim. Secret stages and a secret island can be
  unlocked if all Gobbos are rescued and all jigsaw pieces in the secret stages
  are collected.
release: 1997-09-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Croc - Legend of the Gobbos (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Croc - Legend of the Gobbos (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Croc - Legend of the Gobbos (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Croc - Legend of the Gobbos (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Croc - Legend of the Gobbos (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Crusader - No Remorse (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Crusader - No Remorse (USA)/Crusader - No Remorse (USA).json
developer: Realtime Associates Inc.
publisher: Origin Systems
genre: Action;Adventure;Shooter
description:
  As No Remorse opens, a trio of Silencers—enigmatic super-soldiers—are returning
  from a botched mission in which they disobeyed an order to fire upon civilians
  who were (mistakenly) believed to be rebels. They are ambushed by a WEC mech,
  and two of the Silencers are killed. The remaining one, a nameless captain,
  (whom the player plays as), joins the Resistance, where, as a significant symbol
  of the WEC's military power and political philosophy, he meets with resentment,
  distrust and outright hatred. However, he uncomplainingly undertakes dangerous
  missions, often with substandard equipment, and his continued success gradually
  earns the respect of his fellow Resistance members.
  .
  The Captain eventually uncovers secret plans for a WEC space station, the
  Vigilance Platform, which can attack any location on Earth from space, meaning
  cities with a known Resistance presence can simply be annihilated at the leisure
  of the WEC. All such cities are threatened with orbital bombardment unless they
  surrender. Concurrently, the player's Resistance cell is betrayed from within,
  and almost all the non-player characters are killed. Despite these setbacks, the
  Captain infiltrates the Vigilance Platform and destroys it. The traitor is also
  on the station, guarding the lifepods, and challenges the Silencer to a duel
  over the access card for the last pod. As the Vigilance Platform is exploding,
  the Captain is contacted by Chairman Draygan, who swears vengeance against the
  Silencer.
release: 1996-12-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crusader - No Remorse (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crusader - No Remorse (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crusader - No Remorse (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crusader - No Remorse (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Crusader - No Remorse (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Crusaders of Might and Magic (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Crusaders of Might and Magic (USA)/Crusaders of Might and Magic (USA).json
developer: 3DO
publisher: 3DO
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Drake once lived a peaceful and happy life in his village. He never bothered
  anyone, and he never wanted to be a hero. Suddenly, an army of the undead, led
  by Necros, destroyed Drake's village. Unable to do anything, Drake left the
  ruins of the village and became a merchant. Several years later, while selling
  swords and shields, Drake gets caught in the Crusade, an uprising of noble
  spirits who are out to destroy Necros and his army of the undead. Take control
  of Drake as he joins the Crusade. Run, jump and climb through 3D environments as
  Drake destroys Necros's legions with swords, axes, maces, and a little magic.
  Will Drake survive to fight Necros, or will he try to leave the Crusade at his
  first opportunity? Play CRUSADERS OF MIGHT AND MAGIC and discover what happens.
release: 2000-03-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crusaders of Might and Magic (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crusaders of Might and Magic (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crusaders of Might and Magic (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crusaders of Might and Magic (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Crusaders of Might and Magic (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dance Dance Revolution (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dance Dance Revolution (USA)/Dance Dance Revolution (USA).json
developer: KCE Tokyo
publisher: Konami
genre: Music
description:
  One of the world's most influential games makes its way out of Japan for a
  home-based dance experience like no other. Using a big dance mat (sold
  separately), you'll step to the beat of the song playing, executing a specific
  set of moves to a tee. Your cues will come from the screen in the form of four
  columns of instructions that scroll upwards. Score points by nailing the timing
  of each step and getting the order of moves correct. The action will get faster
  and more furious as the game progresses, instructing you to pull off trickier
  combos in more limited time periods. As in the Japanese release of the game, a
  Diet mode shows you how many calories you're burning. To account for the steep
  learning curve, DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION even includes a Training mode to get you
  started. Packed with remixes of old songs and brand-new gems, the soundtrack
  boasts 27 danceable tunes. Though it's possible to play without the dance mat,
  working up a sweat is half the fun of this inventive game.
  .
  This is the first international release of the game, featuring a song list
  similar to the arcade title Dance Dance Revolution USA Mix, and should not be
  confused with the 1999 Japanese-only PlayStation release of the same name (a
  port of the very first Dance Dance Revolution arcade release).
release: 2001-03-06
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dance Dance Revolution (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dance Dance Revolution Konamix (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dance Dance Revolution Konamix (USA)/Dance Dance Revolution Konamix (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Music
description:
  Turn this up! America is jamming with Dance Dance Revolution: Konamix. The
  arcade phenomenon of out-voguing everybody on the dance floor with your smooth
  moves comes home to the PlayStation. The game includes solid grooves from
  Japan's dance sensation and you can shake it down to 28 popping tracks pulled
  from Konami's all-time best Dance Mania tracks. Move it wild to slightly J-Pop
  and throw down fierce to some manic techno. And to get the best of it all, throw
  a party with a few rounds of 2-player Dance Dance dance-offs! Plus, with the
  special Dance Pad (available with the Dance Dance Revolution Dance Pad set), you
  can get your friends and neighbors on the floor and down on their feet just like
  in the arcade. Turn that beat and show off how you like to move it!
release: 2002-04-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dance Dance Revolution Konamix (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dance Dance Revolution Konamix (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dance Dance Revolution Konamix (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dance Dance Revolution Konamix (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dance Dance Revolution Konamix (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dark Messiah (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dark Messiah (Japan)/Dark Messiah (Japan).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Horror
description:
  The future Tokyo is a megapolis built on top of a huge system of underground
  tunnels and sewers. A rumor is heard that in this underground world hide the
  followers of a mysterious cult, known as the Dark Messiah. At the same time a
  symbiotic life form escapes from scientists and makes it's way into the sewer
  system. There it causes the crash of a subway train and starts devouring the
  passengers on board. A lone hero, along with a schoolgirl Naomi Sugiura are the
  only survivors of the crash.... and must flee from the creature in order to
  survive.
  .
  Hellnight is a survival horror game at heart, although it has no combat
  gameplay. Controlling the nameless hero, the player must travel through the
  underground and protect Naomi. There is only one monster in the whole game, the
  "creature" itself, which is invulnerable and cannot be killed. Instead players
  are constantly on the run from it, making sure it does not catch them. The game
  is divided into large maze-like levels, each one usually populated by the
  creature who keeps pursuing the player (although he does change form after each
  level). At certain points there will be companions who can attack the monster
  and temporarily stun him. There are also people to talk to in the underground
  world, items to pick up, and puzzles to solve.
release: 1998-01-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dark Messiah (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dark Messiah (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dark Messiah (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dark Messiah (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dark Messiah (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dark Tales - From the Lost Soul (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dark Tales - From the Lost Soul (Japan)/Dark Tales - From the Lost Soul (Japan).json
developer: Vertex Zero
publisher: Sammy Entertaiment
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Dark Tales from the Lost Soul is a obscure Japanese horror game, Dark Tales
  allows the player to experience three separate stories.
  .
  It's an interesting little Choose Your Own Adventure title in which you go
  through three distinct stories, selecting different choices when prompted, and
  surviving the attempts of evil beings on your life. The game is divided into
  "DECIDE" moments (make a selection), "DECIDE/Dodge" (in which you must dodge
  attacks), "DECIDE/Shoot" (attempt to shoot at the enemy), as well as an
  additional series of dodging events and two 'mini-games'. There are also quick
  reflex events, in which you must press the indicated button quickly.
  .
  Naturally, there are multiple endings to be found depending on the decisions you
  make. There seem to be 'End Points' associated with the endings, but I don't
  know what significance these have, if any.
  .
  All of the game is within first-person perspective, and what is most interesting
  is that no people are ever pictured on screen. You can tell that there are
  people there, based on the sounds they make and their voices, but you cannot see
  them. Very odd.
  .
  The graphics are actually reminescent of the original Alone in the Dark... the
  rendering seems dead similar, and is just as pixely/edgy/whatnot. There is also
  a noted lack of 'detail' - the developers likely had to cut certain graphical
  details to keep the game running smoothly on the PlayStation. It seems to work
  with the lack of actual visible people in giving the title a sort of surreal
  edge.
  .
  There are FMVs: all of them feature a faceless audience with a wide variety of
  items on their tables... and a single host, the only human face we see
  throughout the entire title. A creepy, gaunt man, he introduces each of the
  tales and gives off some possibly cheesy yet very entertaining dialogue.
release: 1999-10-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dark Tales - From the Lost Soul (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dark Tales - From the Lost Soul (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dark Tales - From the Lost Soul (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dark Tales - From the Lost Soul (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dark Tales - From the Lost Soul (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Darkstone (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Darkstone (USA)/Darkstone (USA).json
developer: Delphine
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  In Darkstone, you are the chosen one to counter Draak's plan to plunge the world
  into a new Age of Darkness. Character choices are made from four classes
  (wizard/sorceress, assassin/thief, warrior/amazon or monk/priestess). The
  overall objective is to track down the seven crystals of the Time Orb, created a
  millennium ago from the tears of the benevolent goddess Kaliba and restore it.
  Only then will you have the power of the mighty Orb at your disposal to use as
  the ultimate weapon against Draak.
  .
  By the numbers, Darkstone contains four distinct regions of Uma, more than 100
  evil creatures based on 30 types of characters, 32 specific spells and nearly
  two dozen skills (six major). Additional features include full 360-degree
  movement, more than 30 weapons (some multi-purposed), numerous items and traps
  and over 200 enemies and characters with which to interact.
release: 2001-01-28
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Darkstone (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Darkstone (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Darkstone (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Darkstone (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Darkstone (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Deception III - Dark Delusion (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Deception III - Dark Delusion (USA)/Deception III - Dark Delusion (USA).json
developer: Tecmo
publisher: Tecmo
genre: Horror;Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Deception III: Dark Delusion is the third installment in Tecmo, Inc.'s unique
  role-playing series. Players enter a world where strategy and innovation are
  integral to survival, and where deceit and mysterious intentions abound.
  Deception III combines RPG elements with action and adventure, as deadly traps
  are constructed and placed to destroy enemies. The game utilizes a third person
  perspective, and features over 2000 trap combinations. Multiple endings are
  possible as the player makes decisions that will affect Reina's future. In
  addition to the story mode, there are Trap License, Training, and Expert options
  available.
  .
  What was meant to be a joyous occasion has turned into a living nightmare. Reina
  was in the midst of celebrating her 17th birthday, having just received a
  beautiful brooch from her stepmother, when two men burst into their home. Reina,
  her little brother, and her stepmother were kidnapped and taken to the island of
  Alendar, a war-torn land teeming with criminal activity. Bandits from Alendar
  have been raiding Reina's home of Burganfada for slave labor, and now Reina
  finds herself in front of the corrupt King Fredrick. What happens next will
  change Reina's life forever. Reina must use all of the resources at her disposal
  to stay alive, collecting souls and creating an arsenal of traps which will
  allow her to discover the true meaning of her power.
release: 2000-03-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Deception III - Dark Delusion (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Deception III - Dark Delusion (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Deception III - Dark Delusion (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Deception III - Dark Delusion (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Deception III - Dark Delusion (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Destrega (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Destrega (USA)/Destrega (USA).json
developer: Omega Force
publisher: Koei
genre: Action;Fighting
description:
  DESTREGA allows fighters to move freely within its 3D environments, thus
  allowing for both close and long range fighting. The usual physical attacks are
  accompanied by a multitude of sensational, long-range magical attacks and
  contribute to a very fast-paced action/fighting title.
release: 1999-01-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Destrega (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Destrega (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Destrega (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Destrega (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Destrega (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Destruction Derby (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Destruction Derby (USA)/Destruction Derby (USA).json
developer: Reflections Interactive
publisher: Psygnosis
genre: Action;Racing
description:
  You probably feel like a crash test dummy when you're playing this game - it's
  not only a racing game, but you get points for wrecking your enemies! The amount
  of points you get depends on how you hit them ... e.g. you get more points for
  getting them do a 360 other than driving into theirs sides at high speed. The
  game has more to offer: a head to head mode with only two cars or the legendary
  destruction derby itself - a huge arena, every car starts at the edge of it, and
  then - have a nice crash!
release: 1995-10-19
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Destruction Derby (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Destruction Derby (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Destruction Derby (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Destruction Derby (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Destruction Derby (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Diablo (USA) (En,Fr,De,Sv)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Diablo (USA) (En,Fr,De,Sv)/Diablo (USA) (En,Fr,De,Sv).json
developer: Blizzard Entertainment
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Set in the fictional Kingdom of Khanduras, located in the world of Sanctuary,
  Diablo has the player take control of a lone hero battling to rid the world of
  Diablo, the Lord of Terror. Beneath the town of Tristram, the player journeys
  through sixteen dungeon levels, ultimately entering Hell itself in order to face
  Diablo.
release: 1998-03-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Diablo (USA) (En,Fr,De,Sv).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Diablo (USA) (En,Fr,De,Sv).jpg
assets.background: Background/Diablo (USA) (En,Fr,De,Sv).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Diablo (USA) (En,Fr,De,Sv).jpg
assets.video: Video/Diablo (USA) (En,Fr,De,Sv).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Die Hard Trilogy (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Die Hard Trilogy (USA) (v1.1)/Die Hard Trilogy (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Probe Entertainment
publisher: Fox Interactive
genre: Action;Racing;Shooter
description:
  You're at the center of three totally different, thrill-packed adventures. Every
  adventure you choose delivers amazing depth, palm-sweating realism and
  fully-rendered detail over thirty incredible levels.
  .
  * Die Hard - Full screen 3-D action as you fight to rescue innocent hostages in
  a skyscraper wired to explode!
  .
  * Die Hard 2: Die Harder - Arcade shooting at its fastest and finest as you
  eliminate terrorists at Dulles Airport.
  .
  * Die Hard With A Vengeance - Heart-accelerating, simulated driving adventure as
  you race through New York City to find hidden bombs!
release: 1996-08-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Die Hard Trilogy (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Die Hard Trilogy (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Die Hard Trilogy (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Die Hard Trilogy (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Die Hard Trilogy (USA) (v1.1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dino Crisis (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dino Crisis (USA) (v1.1)/Dino Crisis (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Suspicious and terrifying... the world's most renowned scientist has disappeared
  and you've been recruited to investigate on a mysterious, remote island.
  Suddenly, out of the mist appears a predator, which has haunted mankind's
  imagination for centuries... experience the pure terror!
  .
  Survival Horror on a Much Larger Scale. Your most primal fears grab you on this
  new journey into survival horror from the creators of Resident Evil.
release: 1999-07-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dino Crisis (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dino Crisis (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dino Crisis (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dino Crisis (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dino Crisis (USA) (v1.1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dino Crisis 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dino Crisis 2 (USA)/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  In the first Dino Crisis, Regina fought for survival against raging prehistoric
  dinosaurs and helped capture rogue scientist Dr. Kirk, but the threat is far
  from over. Despite these past events, research continued on Third Energy, which
  led to the disappearance of a military base, a research institute, and an entire
  town. Armed with the latest in heavy artillery, Regina and her team get to the
  root of this latest catastrophe. With more dinosaurs, environments, and weapons,
  you must be ready to hunt or be hunted.
release: 2000-09-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Disruptor (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Disruptor (USA)/Disruptor (USA).json
developer: Insomniac Games
publisher: Interplay
genre: Shooter
description:
  As a soldier in the world-renowned LightStormer Corps., your main objective is
  to clean up the universe...but it's getting pretty hairy out there! Mutated
  humans, space marines and aliens have decimated scientific research parties on
  Mars, threatened Earth and infiltrated various space stations -- the
  LightStormer Corps. aren't taking this situation lightly.
  .
  The government has a top-secret plan: Psionic power. Implanted into your brain,
  these psychic powers significantly enhance your mental abilities; you can
  mentally heal yourself, drain energy, shock deadly organisms and blast a group
  of baddies to smithereens! Use these powers in moderation, however -- they
  consume vital Psionic points.
  .
  As a first-person shooter, Disruptor has you blasting your way through a series
  of dangerous missions on varying planets. With 13 levels in all, you'll run the
  gauntlet at the LightStormer Academy, destroy a chemical wasteland, infiltrate
  and retake an important space station on Jupiter, and save Earth from 20 types
  of deadly mutant freakazoids. Mutants include possessed troops, slimy aliens,
  jellyfish creatures, genetically altered humans and a group of drones and
  droids.
release: 1996-11-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Disruptor (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Disruptor (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Disruptor (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Disruptor (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Disruptor (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dracula - The Last Sanctuary (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dracula - The Last Sanctuary (USA)/Dracula - The Last Sanctuary (USA).json
developer: Visual Impact Productions
publisher: The Adventure Company
genre: Adventure
description:
  Dracula: The Last Sanctuary follows Dreamcatcher's earlier game, Dracula:
  Resurrection. A point-and-click adventure game, this sequel tells the tale of
  Jonathan Harker, a man trying to rescue his wife, Mina, from the clutches of the
  infamous blood-sucker. As is the case with many titles in this sub-genre,
  gameplay involves careful scrutiny of each scene that players encounter, as they
  search for clues, information, and items that will aid them in their quest.
  Movement and interaction are facilitated by a context-sensitive cursor, through
  which players can manipulate puzzles and the environment. The puzzles themselves
  are a familiar blend of search quests and brain-teasers, requiring players to
  acquire and combine numerous items before they can be used to remove particular
  obstacles.
release: 2002-05-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dracula - The Last Sanctuary (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dracula - The Last Sanctuary (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dracula - The Last Sanctuary (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dracula - The Last Sanctuary (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dracula - The Last Sanctuary (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dracula - The Resurrection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dracula - The Resurrection (USA)/Dracula - The Resurrection (USA).json
developer: Visual Impact Productions
publisher: France Multimedia
genre: Adventure
description:
  Dracula: The Resurrection is a new story based on the characters from Bram
  Stoker's novel. The game will immerse you in a story line rich in atmosphere. It
  invites you to hear the call of a wolf or hoot of an owl under a graphically
  splendid full moon panorama. It also features cinematically complete cutscenes
  and a haunting musical score.
  .
  The game features detailed, hand-painted backgrounds, accompanied by atmospheric
  sound and music, which set the proper mood for this dark tale of gothic horror.
  Directional buttons move the cursor around the screen with the X button used for
  action. A zoom function allows you to pick out details and collect inventory
  items as you search for visual clues to solve the mystery. Since the wooden
  stake and sunlight didn't do the trick, you'll have to discover how to destroy
  the timeless Prince of Darkness.
release: 2001-03-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dracula - The Resurrection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dracula - The Resurrection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dracula - The Resurrection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dracula - The Resurrection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dracula - The Resurrection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dragon Valor (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Dragon Valor (USA)/Dragon Valor (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  The game begins as the first hero, Clovis, sets out to avenge the death of his
  young sister by slaying the dragon that killed her. Clovis travels to the Lexis
  Empire and meets many other characters along the way. With luck and skill,
  Clovis defeats his enemy and the tale moves forward. The next quest in Dragon
  Valor is assumed by the next hero, who is one of Clovis' children. In an
  innovative feature, players will actually determine which heroes they will play
  and which quests they will attempt by choosing a mate for Clovis.
  .
  After Clovis completes his quest he chooses a bride from the available women he
  encountered on his journey. The wife that Clovis chooses determines the nature
  of his progeny and the challenges that they will face. Different,
  generation-spanning storylines develop according to the offspring that Clovis
  and his wife produce and then in turn, by the choices that those heirs make.
release: 2000-10-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dragon Valor (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dragon Valor (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dragon Valor (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dragon Valor (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dragon Valor (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Duke Nukem - Time to Kill (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Duke Nukem - Time to Kill (USA)/Duke Nukem - Time to Kill (USA).json
developer: N-Space
publisher: GT Interactive Software
genre: Shooter
description:
  The game begins not a long time after Duke Nukem 3D. Duke is relaxing in
  Bootylicious with a few beers and some babes when suddenly Pig Cops start
  thrashing the place and turn his 1968 custom hog into a chopper bike. Duke
  trashes all the Pig Cops and then finds out that the aliens are trying to get to
  the past in order to take over the world before Duke was there to stop them.
  .
  The game has 28 levels in total, varying from L.A. in the present time, to the
  Ancient west, and the Colloseum. The game has a 2-player mode so that 2 people
  can wreak havoc at each other. The game has many kinds of enemies; Pig Cops,
  Lizards, Octabrains, etc.
release: 1998-09-30
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Duke Nukem - Time to Kill (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Duke Nukem - Time to Kill (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Duke Nukem - Time to Kill (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Duke Nukem - Time to Kill (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Duke Nukem - Time to Kill (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Duke Nukem - Total Meltdown (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Duke Nukem - Total Meltdown (USA)/Duke Nukem - Total Meltdown (USA).json
developer: 3D Realms
publisher: GT Interactive
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Aliens have landed in futuristic Los Angeles and it's up to the Duke to bring
  the pain and show them the door. After the initial entries of side-scrolling
  platform games, Duke Nukem 3D introduces a first-person perspective to the
  series and turns the game into a full-fledged shooter with 2.5D graphics.
  .
  Duke's arsenal includes pistols, pipe bombs, laser trip mines, Nordenfelt guns,
  a chain gun and various rocket launchers, but also his mighty foot to kick
  enemies. The game sports a high level of interactivity. Many objects in the
  environment can be broken or interacted with, such as pool tables, arcade
  machines, glass, light switches and security cameras. The protagonist is also
  able to hand strippers a dollars to have them remove their top.
release: 1997-12-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Duke Nukem - Total Meltdown (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Duke Nukem - Total Meltdown (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Duke Nukem - Total Meltdown (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Duke Nukem - Total Meltdown (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Duke Nukem - Total Meltdown (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Echo Night (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Echo Night (USA)/Echo Night (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: Agetec
genre: Horror
description:
  In 1913 the ship Orpheus mysteriously vanished, 45 souls were lost...
  .
  ....or were they? Echo Night thrusts you into the middle of supernatural
  adventure to past times and distant places, As Echo Night's spellbinding story
  unfolds, you'll visit past eras, meet unusual characters, and learn the secrets
  of the dead. Be warned, this adventure is not without peril. There are devious
  mini-games and puzzles to survive before you discover what really happened to
  the Orpheus, its passengers, an the ancient talisman stones. Echo Night is one
  adventure you won't soon forget.
release: 1999-08-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Echo Night (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Echo Night (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Echo Night (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Echo Night (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Echo Night (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Echo Night 2 - Nemuri no Shihaisha (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Echo Night 2 - Nemuri no Shihaisha (Japan)/Echo Night 2 - Nemuri no Shihaisha (Japan).json
developer: From Liquid Mirror Software
publisher: From Software
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  Echo Night #2: Nemuri no Shihaisha is an Action Adventure game, developed by
  From Liquid Mirror Software and published by From Software, which was released
  in Japan in 1999.
release: 1999-08-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Echo Night 2 - Nemuri no Shihaisha (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Echo Night 2 - Nemuri no Shihaisha (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Echo Night 2 - Nemuri no Shihaisha (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Echo Night 2 - Nemuri no Shihaisha (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Echo Night 2 - Nemuri no Shihaisha (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Einhaender (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Einhaender (Japan)/Einhaender (Japan).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Shooter
description:
  In 2192, a new city, Selene, is built on the moon. Over the years, Selene grows
  larger, more powerful, and more independent of the Earth - to the point that the
  moon and Earth battle in a war that winds down without a definite victory for
  either side. In 2242, war breaks out again - the Earth slowly begins to win...
  except for the efforts of an experimental Selene technology known as Einhänders:
  flying machines with a "hand" that allows them to change weaponry mid-battle.
  .
  On December 12, 2245, Selene sends down 3 Einhänders in a last attempt to turn
  the tide of the war. You get to choose the craft to pilot, and it's up to you to
  battle your way through the Earth's monstrous defenses and win the battle.
  .
  The game is a traditional side-scrolling shooter, with rendered 3D backgrounds
  and enemies. The atmosphere of the game is very "industrial", down to the German
  industrial music playing in the background (think Einsturzende Neubauten mixed
  with Lords of Acid). The weapon-switching and claiming is an integral part of
  the game, as weapons have limited shots. This forces a bit more strategy than
  the usual button-mashing shooters inspire.
release: 1998-04-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Einhaender (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Einhaender (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Einhaender (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Einhaender (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Einhaender (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Eternal Eyes (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Eternal Eyes (USA)/Eternal Eyes (USA).json
developer: Alpha Unit
publisher: Crave
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  The Mappets have shielded the land of Gross from war and destruction for close
  to 1,000 years. But the evil General Vorless has stolen the Soul Sword and is
  using it to destroy the Mappets. With the Mappets out of the way, he hopes to
  awaken Luna, the Goddess of Destruction, and rule the land unopposed.
  .
  Luca and his sister Elena are two orphans, living in a small house in the
  kingdom of Gross. They have two good friends - Mouse and Nicol. One day, while
  exploring a local cave, the four youths find a mysterious jewel. Later, they
  travel to the city of Goondocks, where they find a similar jewel - along with a
  note left to them by Luke's and Elena's parents. They learn that their parents
  belonged to an ancient race named "Eternal Eyes" - people who could control
  inanimate dolls called Mappets. Now the four heroes have to learn the power of
  controlling Mappets, and to stop a villain from resurrecting the Goddess of
  Destruction.
  .
  The heart and soul of the game is battle, with all of the battles taking place
  on 3D isometric fields inhabited by 2D sprites. Every character has unique
  skills that must be employed during the fight to succeed. Luckily, there are
  also 150 Mappets that can be collected to help give you an edge in combat. Play
  ETERNAL EYES and help Luca save the world and the Mappets.
release: 2001-11-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Eternal Eyes (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Eternal Eyes (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Eternal Eyes (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Eternal Eyes (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Eternal Eyes (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Evil Zone (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Evil Zone (USA)/Evil Zone (USA).json
developer: Yuke's Co. Ltd.
publisher: Titus Software Corporation
genre: Fighting
description:
  Even after the evil creature known as Ihadurca had been trapped and confined
  within the Evil Zone, the people of Kumi Island were in grave danger. Knowing
  all too well that the foul monster will escape in due time, the Kumi citizens
  organized a tournament to find out who the strongest warrior is. Because of the
  imminent escape of Ihadurca, the strongest must step forward to win the
  tournament and ultimately face the inter-dimensional demon. Only one will
  survive the tournament, but whether or not that fighter can survive the power of
  Ihadurca is up to you.
  .
  Evil Zone is a 3D, arena-based fighting game featuring over ten Japanese Manga
  inspired characters. Each one has his or her own unique reason for entering the
  tournament as well as special moves and combo attacks. You have the ability to
  execute long range projectile attacks as well as close quarters throws, kicks
  and punches. Characters also earn crystals (via a secondary power meter) that
  can be used to pull off very damaging maneuvers.
  .
  There are five different gameplay options including survival, training, versus
  and story. The story mode is different for every character and features story
  screens in between battles. Completing the different stories unlocks hidden
  things, such as art galleries and a musical jukebox in which you can sample the
  game's music. The training mode helps you get used to the fighting system and
  the versus feature lets you fight it out with a friend.
  .
  Features:\n
  * Over ten Japanese Manga inspired characters.\n
  * Special moves and combo attacks\n
  * Execute long range projectile attacks as well as close quarters throws, kicks
  and punches.\n
  * Earn crystals that can be used to pull off very damaging maneuvers.\n
  * Five different gameplay options including survival, training, versus and
  story.\n
  * Unlocks hidden things, such as art galleries and a musical jukebox to sample
  music.
  .
  Manufacturer's description:
  .
  FIGHTING FOR A REASON!
  .
  Thadurca needs to be destroyed. But first you must defeat the 8 other warriors
  and your own clone.\n
  Only then can you face Thadurca.\n
  Some are fighting for revenge, some for peace and others for power.\n
  But right now, let the battle begin.
  .
  Features:\n
  Third person perspective.\n
  3D graphics\n
  Cartoon graphics\n
  Anime, Fantasy & Fighting themes.
release: 1999-01-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Evil Zone (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Evil Zone (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Evil Zone (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Evil Zone (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Evil Zone (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Excalibur 2555 A.D. (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Excalibur 2555 A.D. (USA)/Excalibur 2555 A.D. (USA).json
developer: Tempest Software
publisher: Telstar
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Medieval England is in serious trouble. Knights from the future have come back
  and stolen the legendary sword Excalibur. As the niece of the fables Merlin, you
  set off on a journey through thirteen different and exotic levels in search of
  the mythical sword. Puzzles, traps, enemies, allies; they all await you in this
  action/adventure title.
  .
  Taking cues from already established hits such as Tomb Raider, Excalibur 2555
  A.D. takes place from a third-person perspective which allows for a better flow
  of gameplay. As you advance through the mythical world of ancient England, you
  encounter various types of items and weapons, all of which will aid you in your
  quest for Excalibur.
release: 1997-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Excalibur 2555 A.D. (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Excalibur 2555 A.D. (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Excalibur 2555 A.D. (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Excalibur 2555 A.D. (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Excalibur 2555 A.D. (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Fade to Black (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Fade to Black (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Fade to Black (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Delphine Software International
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Action
description:
  Fade to Black is the sequel to Flashback. At the end of the original game,
  Conrad Hart gained his freedom and escaped the evil Morphs. Unfortunately, he
  was caught and cryogenically frozen. Fifty years later, Conrad has been sucked
  onto an alien spacecraft. As luck would have it, the aliens that saved him are
  the ones he was trying to escape from. After being sent to New Alcatraz, Conrad
  befriends a human rebel who breaks him out of the prison and gives him a pistol
  and a communicator. You take control of Conrad as he fights his way through 13
  levels in an effort to regain his freedom. Will Conrad be able to get out alive?
  Play Fade to Black and take control of Conrad's destiny.
release: 1996-06-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fade to Black (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fade to Black (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fade to Black (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fade to Black (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Fade to Black (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy V (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy V (USA) (v1.1)/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy V (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Final Fantasy Anthology combines two titles from the Final Fantasy series and
  offers PlayStation owners a glimpse into the past. Huge worlds, in-depth
  storylines, and innovative battle and magic systems, and an incredible cast of
  characters all make for a deep gaming experience. The inclusion of Final Fantasy
  V marks the first time this title has appeared on a console in North America.
  Final Fantasy VI, originally released as Final Fantasy III on the SNES system in
  the U.S., makes its first appearance on the PlayStation. Both games in this
  compilation feature never-before-seen CG movies, adding to the appeal of these
  classics.
release: 1999-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy V (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy V (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy V (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy V (USA) (v1.1).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy VI (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy VI (USA) (v1.1)/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy VI (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Final Fantasy Anthology combines two titles from the Final Fantasy series and
  offers PlayStation owners a glimpse into the past. Huge worlds, in-depth
  storylines, and innovative battle and magic systems, and an incredible cast of
  characters all make for a deep gaming experience. The inclusion of Final Fantasy
  V marks the first time this title has appeared on a console in North America.
  Final Fantasy VI, originally released as Final Fantasy III on the SNES system in
  the U.S., makes its first appearance on the PlayStation. Both games in this
  compilation feature never-before-seen CG movies, adding to the appeal of these
  classics.
release: 1999-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy VI (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy VI (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy VI (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Anthology - Final Fantasy VI (USA) (v1.1).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Chronicles - Chrono Trigger (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Chrono Trigger (USA) (v1.1)/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Chrono Trigger (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  When these games came out, they defined what adventures should be. Since then,
  they have become the most popular and sought-after titles in history. Now you
  can experience the re-release of two complete, classic games, enhanced with all-
  new cinemas and features never before seen in the U.S. Final Fantasy IV was
  previously released as Final Fantasy II, but has been completely restored with
  new magic, monsters, items, CG cinemas, and added features. Chrono Trigger is a
  re-release of the original game. This time-traveling prequel to Chrono Cross is
  enhanced with all-new animated scenes.
release: 2001-06-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Chrono Trigger (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Chrono Trigger (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Chrono Trigger (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Chrono Trigger (USA) (v1.1).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Chronicles - Final Fantasy IV (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Final Fantasy IV (USA) (v1.1)/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Final Fantasy IV (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  When these games came out, they defined what adventures should be. Since then,
  they have become the most popular and sought-after titles in history. Now you
  can experience the re-release of two complete, classic games, enhanced with all-
  new cinemas and features never before seen in the U.S. Final Fantasy IV was
  previously released as Final Fantasy II, but has been completely restored with
  new magic, monsters, items, CG cinemas, and added features. Chrono Trigger is a
  re-release of the original game. This time-traveling prequel to Chrono Cross is
  enhanced with all-new animated scenes.
release: 2001-06-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Final Fantasy IV (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Final Fantasy IV (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Final Fantasy IV (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Chronicles - Final Fantasy IV (USA) (v1.1).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy IX (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy IX (USA) (v1.1)/Final Fantasy IX (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Queen Brahne of Alexandria has begun using highly-advanced magical weapons to
  terrorise neighbouring kingdoms. Her daughter, Princess Garnet, runs away from
  the castle and befriends a group of good-hearted bandits lead by a skilled
  thief, Zidane, who intends to end the evil queen's desire to dominate the world.
  Soon after embarking on their quest, they discover that the queen's threats
  merely cover for a more sinister plot. For the sake of mankind, Zidane and his
  friends must put an end to the Queen's reign before she and the evil forces that
  accompany her can carry out the deadly plan.\n
  • Play with eight unique characters that use a variety of weapons, magic and
  abilities.\n
  • Step into a magical world with superbly detailed pre-rendered environments.\n
  • Almost one hour of seamlessly integrated full motion videos
release: 2000-11-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy IX (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy IX (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy IX (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy IX (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy IX (USA) (v1.1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Origins (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy Origins (USA) (v1.1)/Final Fantasy Origins (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Square
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Final Fantasy Origins delivers the first two games in the Final Fantasy series.
  Originally released in 1998 in Japan, Final Fantasy II never came to North
  America, but now RPG fans will be able to experience the emotion-packed sequel
  and its predecessor with all-new event scenes, enhanced graphics, and improved
  sound. Whether you're on a quest to recover a magical Crystal or on a journey to
  stop a merciless ruler, both games provide grand stories complemented with deep
  characterization and touching music.
release: 2003-04-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Origins (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Origins (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Origins (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Origins (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy Origins (USA) (v1.1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Tactics (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy Tactics (USA)/Final Fantasy Tactics (USA).json
developer: Square
publisher: Square
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Final Fantasy Tactics is set in a fictional medieval-inspired kingdom called
  Ivalice. The game's story follows Ramza Beoulve, a highborn cadet who finds
  himself thrust into the middle of a military conflict known as The Lion War,
  where two opposing noble factions are coveting the throne of the kingdom. As the
  story progresses, Ramza and his allies discover a sinister plot behind the war.
release: 1998-01-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Tactics (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Tactics (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Tactics (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Tactics (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy Tactics (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy VII (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy VII (USA)/Final Fantasy VII (USA).json
developer: Square Co., Ltd.
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Set in a dystopian world, Final Fantasy VII's story centers on mercenary Cloud
  Strife who joins with several others to stop the megacorporation Shinra, which
  is draining the life of the planet to use as an energy source. As the story
  progresses, the situation escalates and Cloud and his allies face Sephiroth, the
  game's main antagonist.
release: 1997-01-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy VII (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy VII (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy VII (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy VII (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy VII (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy VIII (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Final Fantasy VIII (USA)/Final Fantasy VIII (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  A member of an elite military team, Squall is forced into a conflict beyond
  imagination.  To survive, he must contend with a desperate rival, a powerful
  sorceress, and his own mysterious dreams.
  .
  * Realistic, detailed characters and background graphics enhanced by a
  breathtaking musical score\n
  * An epic story based on the theme of love, set in a massive new world\n
  * New Junction System allows characters to be customized with powerful magic
  spells drawn from enemies\n
  * Nearly an hour of stunning motion-captured CG cinemas seamlessly integrated
  into gameplay
release: 1999-02-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy VIII (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy VIII (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy VIII (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy VIII (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy VIII (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Firemen 2, The - Pete & Danny (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Firemen 2, The - Pete & Danny (Japan)/Firemen 2, The - Pete & Danny (Japan).json
developer: Human Entertainment
publisher: Human Entertainment
genre: Action
description:
  The Firemen was a Super Nintendo Entertainment System game where the player
  controls Pete, the fire fighter, as he rescues people from a burning building.
  Fires, smoke, and other hazards await as Pete tries to save the day. Use of the
  fire extinguisher is unlimited although continues are limited in number. The
  game was released in Europe, Australia and Japan.
  .
  The Firemen 2 tells the story of two courageous firemen who are named Pete Grey
  and Danny McClean. They're busy keeping New York City safe from rampaging fires.
  The game takes place on Christmas Eve. Guided by their correspondent back at the
  station, Winona, Pete and Danny must visit multiple areas across the city, and
  put a stop to a series of mysterious fires that have been popping up all over.
  .
  You (or you and a friend in 2 player mode) guide Pete and Danny in a traditional
  bird's eye view format. The game plays like a standard old-school 2D shooter
  game, like Commando or Contra. The only difference is, instead of guns, you're
  armed with hoses. And instead of seemingly endless military and/or alien drones,
  you battle the most malicious fire to ever walk the face of the earth.
  .
  The areas that our heroes explore include a wide variety of locations around New
  York City. These places include a theme park, a giant aquarium, a hotel, and
  even an animatronic dinosaur exhibit. In each level, you are given a mission.
  (Rescue Pete's daughter, who got caught in one of the fires, rescue the penguins
  in a zoo before the fire gets to them, etc.)
release: 1995-12-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Firemen 2, The - Pete & Danny (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Firemen 2, The - Pete & Danny (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Firemen 2, The - Pete & Danny (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Firemen 2, The - Pete & Danny (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Firemen 2, The - Pete & Danny (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Front Mission 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Front Mission 3 (USA)/Front Mission 3 (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Yokosuka, Japan, 2112 AD. The young student Kazuki Takemura works as a test
  pilot with Kirishima Industries, a production company of military battle wanzers
  (walking panzers), mechanized walking robots with movement similar to that of a
  human being. Kazuki has just finished testing the combat capabilities of the new
  Zeinslev prototype in the lab. Finishing his day's tasks he is asked by his best
  friend Ryogo to help with a company delivery to the Japanese Defense Force (JDF)
  military based. This simple choice determines where Kazuki is when strange
  things begin happening in Japan. A large explosion, a wanzer theft, his sister
  Alysia being hunted, rumors of a powerful weapon, and accusations of involvement
  by agents of both the OCU and the USN all make the situation more complicated.
  Kazuki is swept up in a plot of conflicting loyalties and attacked by various
  factions. He will need to recruit additional characters and wanzers in order to
  be victorious in battle and investigate leads to uncover what is going on.
release: 2000-02-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Front Mission 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Front Mission 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Front Mission 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Front Mission 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Front Mission 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Future Cop - L.A.P.D. (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Future Cop - L.A.P.D. (USA)/Future Cop - L.A.P.D. (USA).json
developer: EA Redwood Shores
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Action
description:
  The city of Los Angeles has a few more problems than usual in 2100 A.D. You see,
  the future hasn't been exactly kind to urban life and now gangs have overrun the
  already bleak neighborhoods. Is there any hope? There is as long as you enforce
  the law!
  .
  Command a powerful Tactical Assault & Combat X-1 mech walker (that can also
  transform into a sleek hovercraft) and battle through 12 levels, each
  culminating in a showdown with a large boss character. Fortunately for you,
  fourteen different weapons are available to help you teach "crime doesn't pay."
  Feeling a little lonely? If so, a friend can join the action in cooperative
  play!
  .
  An additional game mode, Precinct Assault, has also been included. Precinct
  Assault is a strategy game that involves two teams (red versus blue) in an
  all-out battle for supremacy. This mode can be played against the computer or
  another human. Future Cop: L.A.P.D. supports the Dual Shock Analog Controller to
  make you feel the gunfire, and progress can be saved using either one block of
  memory card space or a password.
release: 1998-08-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Future Cop - L.A.P.D. (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Future Cop - L.A.P.D. (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Future Cop - L.A.P.D. (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Future Cop - L.A.P.D. (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Future Cop - L.A.P.D. (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: GaiaSeed - Project Seed Trap (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/GaiaSeed - Project Seed Trap (Japan)/GaiaSeed - Project Seed Trap (Japan).json
developer: Techno Soleil
publisher: Techno Soleil
genre: Shooter
description:
  Gaia Seed is a horizontally scrolling shooter from Techno Soleil. The game comes
  from the fabulous line of classically-styled Japanese shoot 'em ups, bursting at
  the seams with parallax scrolling, screen-filling bosses and other classic
  effects that you could count on from the games of this era. But the real beauty
  of GaiaSeed lies in its subtlety. The game has tight control, precise bullet
  collision, and a simple powerup system, while the haunting soundtrack stands out
  for its techno/ambiance mood, adding to the subliminal nature of the work.
release: 1996-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/GaiaSeed - Project Seed Trap (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/GaiaSeed - Project Seed Trap (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/GaiaSeed - Project Seed Trap (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/GaiaSeed - Project Seed Trap (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/GaiaSeed - Project Seed Trap (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Galaga - Destination Earth (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Galaga - Destination Earth (USA)/Galaga - Destination Earth (USA).json
developer: King of the Jungle
publisher: Hasbro Interactive, Inc.
genre: Shooter
description:
  Galaga, the "slide-and-shoot" arcade classic from 1981, has been updated with
  nine new worlds, 3D graphics, futuristic backgrounds and more in GALAGA --
  Destination: Earth.
  .
  It is late in the 22nd century, and the insect-like Galaga are back. Humans have
  terraformed and colonized most habitable places in our solar system, but the
  Galaga have only one thing in mind: destruction. The Galaga are mutated nanites
  that were inadvertently created during the terraforming process. They are
  deadly, autonomous and great in number, and you must blast them into oblivion.
  In addition to shooting Galaga, you must perform various mission objectives,
  such as collecting life pods and activating water turbines.
  .
  Like in the original game, you begin this enhanced version of Galaga controlling
  a ship that moves horizontally along the bottom of the playfield and fires
  upward at wave after wave of diving, swirling aliens that eventually fly into
  formation. However, unlike the original, this game, depending on what mission
  you are playing, features a number of other viewpoints, including over the
  shoulder, top down and side on. You can fire just two shots at a time, but you
  can gain the ability to have three shots onscreen at once.
  .
  Also like the original game, GALAGA -- Destination: Earth features challenge
  waves in which you blast streams of enemies for points while not having to worry
  about your own safety. And, of course, you can let a Galaga capture your ship,
  then shoot your ship's captor, letting the captured ship fall to you, enabling
  you to double your firepower. Similar to Gaplus, the sequel to classic Galaga,
  this game also lets you collect beam power-ups that enable you to capture
  enemies, place them by your side and use their weapons.
release: 2000-10-10
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Galaga - Destination Earth (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Galaga - Destination Earth (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Galaga - Destination Earth (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Galaga - Destination Earth (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Galaga - Destination Earth (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Galerians (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Galerians (USA)/Galerians (USA).json
developer: Polygon Magic
publisher: Crave Entertainment
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  A young man named Rion wakes up in a hospital. He does not know who he is; he
  can hear a girl's voice in his mind, imploring him to save her. While trying to
  escape from the hospital, Rion is detained by guards, and discovers that he
  possesses devastating psychic powers. Trying to understand what has been done to
  him, Rion gradually uncovers the mystery behind the "G Project", a human
  experiment that involves unlocking the hidden potential of the human mind.
  .
  Galerians is a survival horror game in which the player navigates a 3D character
  model over pre-rendered backgrounds, using character-related controls similar to
  those implemented in Alone in the Dark. Items must be collected to unlock new
  areas and advance the story. Unlike in most other games of the type, the
  protagonist is unable to use weapons. Rion fully relies on his psychic powers to
  combat enemies. These powers must be replenished by regularly taking drugs. In
  addition, Rion has a special meter that throws him into uncontrollable rage when
  full.
release: 1999-08-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Galerians (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Galerians (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Galerians (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Galerians (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Galerians (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gauntlet Legends (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Gauntlet Legends (USA)/Gauntlet Legends (USA).json
developer: Midway
publisher: Midway
genre: Action
description:
  For those unfamiliar with the original Gauntlet and its various home versions,
  the action involved fighting enemies such as ghosts, demons and sorcerers
  spawned from square structures called monster generators. An overhead
  perspective allowed players the freedom to explore the maze-like levels while
  still being able to see everything around them.
  .
  The object of each stage was simply to destroy the monsters in your path as you
  searched for the exit leading to the next level. Gauntlet Legends takes this
  simple formula and adds a new story, distinct worlds and even boss characters to
  fight. Of course, there are still treasure and potions waiting to be found as
  well as various traps that could spell disaster for even the heartiest of
  warriors.
  .
  In order to help you survive the later levels (Gauntlet Legends consists of over
  30 stages), characters can earn experience points that will eventually translate
  into added strength, speed, armor and health. The story behind the game involves
  a jealous brother (Garm) of a noble wizard (Sumner) who decided to gather 13
  Rune Stones in order to raise a demon.
  .
  Once the stones were placed on the floor of Sumner's tower, a hideous monster
  named Skorn was awakened and promptly consumed its new "master." As one of four
  intrepid adventurers, your goal is to travel through the worlds making up the
  Gauntlet Legends universe to defeat the evil demon Skorne and his various
  followers (a rather unsavory lot of Grunts, Ankle Biters, Suiciders, Bomb
  Throwers and Death).
  .
  To help you fight the good fight, you'll be able to find food, special weapons
  and power icons that can all be stored in your inventory and used whenever your
  character needs them. Some of the weapons include a three-way shot, fire breath
  and super shot, while the power-ups include super speed, invisibility and
  Anti-Death Power (which allows you to steal health from the normally
  invulnerable Death).
release: 2000-02-29
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gauntlet Legends (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gauntlet Legends (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gauntlet Legends (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gauntlet Legends (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gauntlet Legends (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Grand Theft Auto (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Grand Theft Auto (USA)/Grand Theft Auto (USA).json
developer: DMA Design
publisher: Take-Two Interactive
genre: Action
description:
  In Grand Theft Auto, the player takes the role of a small-time criminal trying
  to make it big with the mob. Stealing cars, doing jobs for the gangsters and
  behaving generally anti-social are the way to success.
  .
  The action moves through six levels spread over three different cities, each
  based on a real US city: Liberty City (based on New York City), San Andreas
  (based on San Francisco) and Vice City (based on Miami). To finish a level, a
  certain score must be reached. Stealing cars and crashing into traffic, driving
  over pedestrians and killing cops all raise the score, but the big points are
  made through jobs. Answering phones or entering special cars brings mission
  assignments, from simple "ditch-a-hot-car" jobs to supporting bank robberies or
  carrying out assassinations. Completing a mission will raise the score
  substantially and also increase the score multiplier, so that completing the
  next felony will gain even more points.
release: 1997-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Grand Theft Auto (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Grand Theft Auto (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Grand Theft Auto (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Grand Theft Auto (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Grand Theft Auto (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Grandia (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Grandia (USA)/Grandia (USA).json
developer: Game Arts
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Grandia (Japanese: グランディア Gurandia?) is a role-playing video game developed by
  Game Arts originally for the Sega Saturn console as the first game in their
  Grandia series. Initially released in Japan in January 1997, the game was later
  ported to the PlayStation in June 1999, with an English version of the game
  appearing on the platform in North America in the following September by SCEA,
  and later in Europe in March 2001 by Ubisoft. The game was produced by much of
  the same staff who worked on the company's previous role-playing endeavor, the
  Lunar series, including producer Yoichi Miyagi and music composer Noriyuki
  Iwadare.
  .
  Since its release, Grandia has become notable for its combat mechanics which
  have been carried over to future games within the franchise, and has spawned two
  spin-off titles - Grandia: Digital Museum and Grandia: Parallel Trippers - both
  released exclusively in Japan. In celebration of the announcement of renewing
  development on Grandia Online, which acts as a prequel to Grandia, the game was
  re-released on Sony's PlayStation Network platform in Japan as a downloadable
  title in April 2009 and in North America on February 25, 2010. It was
  re-released in Europe on November 10, 2010.
  .
  The game is set in a fantasy world of emerging technology and exploration. A
  young boy named Justin inherits a magic stone that leads him on a journey around
  the world to uncover the mystery of a long-lost civilization. Along the way, he
  meets other adventurers who join him on his quest, which draws the attention of
  the militaristic Garlyle Forces who seek to uncover the secrets of the past as
  well. Grandia received a largely positive critical response during its original
  release, and was voted by readers of Japan's highly circulated Famitsu magazine
  as the 73rd greatest game of all time in a 2006 poll.
release: 1999-06-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Grandia (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Grandia (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Grandia (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Grandia (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Grandia (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Granstream Saga, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Granstream Saga, The (USA)/Granstream Saga, The (USA).json
developer: Shade
publisher: THQ
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Assume the role of the young warrior Eon, Granstream's only hope to prevent its
  continents from plummering into the sea. Embark on a grand and challenging
  adventure - collaborate with beautiful air pirates, consult wise sages, and
  battle the diabolical minions of the Imperial Wizardry.
release: 1998-06-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Granstream Saga, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Granstream Saga, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Granstream Saga, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Granstream Saga, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Granstream Saga, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Guardian of Darkness, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Guardian of Darkness, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Guardian of Darkness, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Cryo Interactive Entertainment
publisher: Cryo Interactive Entertainment
genre: Action
description:
  Guardian of Darkness is an action game with puzzle-solving elements. Ekna is an
  exorcist monk from the "The Gate", an ultra-secret organization regularly sends
  him on the most perilous missions involving the paranormal. The first level
  starts with an investigation of an haunted museum. His assistant Edward Burnst
  will train him how to use his different spells. After each level, Ekna returns
  to his headquarters, the Tenebrans where he can get his orders from "The Gate"
  and get his specials weapons like grenades or energy power ups.
release: 1999-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Guardian of Darkness, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Guardian of Darkness, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Guardian of Darkness, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Guardian of Darkness, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Guardian of Darkness, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Guardian's Crusade (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Guardian's Crusade (USA)/Guardian's Crusade (USA).json
developer: Tamsoft
publisher: Activision
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Guardian's Crusade starts off innocently enough: The mayor wants you to deliver
  a letter to a nearby town, and being a fine young knight, you agree and head on
  your way. But how could you know that you are taking the first step on a grand
  journey that will decide the fate of the entire world?
  .
  On your way back from the town, you discover a pink monster known as Baby and
  receive an ominous message about a place called God's Tower. Taking care of Baby
  is just one of the many problems you'll face as you fight the forces of evil.
  .
  The game is categorized as an RPG, but it includes unique features, including
  the capacity to change how Baby reacts in battle depending on how you treat him
  throughout the game, and the inclusion of 70 Living Toys, non-player characters
  which you collect throughout the game. These toys have special abilities like
  ninja skills and healing, which can help you in battles.
  .
  Guardian's Crusade is compatible with analog and Dual Shock controllers and
  requires one free block of memory.
release: 1999-01-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Guardian's Crusade (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Guardian's Crusade (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Guardian's Crusade (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Guardian's Crusade (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Guardian's Crusade (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gubble (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Gubble (USA)/Gubble (USA).json
developer: Mud Duck
publisher: Mud Duck
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Gubble is a cute, colorful alien and he needs your help to get back to his home
  in this PlayStation game. It seems that creatures of Gubble's kind are
  particularly adept at loosening screws, nails, rivets, and other such fasteners.
  So adept, in fact, that Gubble has been kidnapped and sent to a dangerous planet
  to ply this skill. His captors have instructed him to unfasten the screws and
  bolts on a large enemy ship, promising to return him to his home if he is
  successful.
  .
  Success will take good puzzle-solving skills though (and perhaps a little luck),
  as the falling pieces from the unfastened ship could put a quick end to Gubble's
  efforts. Not to mention the enemy creatures, who would rather their high-tech
  equipment remain in one piece.
release: 2002-06-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gubble (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gubble (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gubble (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gubble (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gubble (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gunners Heaven (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Gunners Heaven (Japan)/Gunners Heaven (Japan).json
developer: Media.Vision Entertainment Inc.
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment Incorporated
genre: Action;Platform;Shooter
description:
  Rapid Reload, known in Japan as Gunners Heaven, is a run and gun video game in
  the vein of Gunstar Heroes. It was among the first of its genre (or any genre
  for that matter) available for the Sony PlayStation, and although it has very
  few features, it became one of the most popular games of its time.
  .
  Story:\n
  Upon hearing the legend of the treasure known as the Valkiry, treasure hunters
  Axel Sonics and Ruka Hetfield embark on an adventurous quest to find the
  legendary stone. However, unknown to Axel and Ruka at the start, there is also a
  terrorist organization known as the Pumpkin Heads searching for the Valkiry,
  determined to use the stone for World Domination.
  .
  Can Axel and Ruka beat the Pumpkin Heads to the Valkiry and save the world from
  an Age of Darkness?
  .
  Gameplay:\n
  The player chooses to play as either Axel or Ruka, and with the chosen
  character, the player will fight his/her way through six levels, each one harder
  than the previous. With the exception of levels 3 and 5, each level contains two
  subbosses (Area Boss) and a final boss (Guardian). In level 3, there is one Area
  Boss and a Guardian, and in level 5, just a Guardian.
  .
  The game has often been criticized by fans for the near-impossibility of
  completing as Ruka, due to her weapons' disadvantages which make it impossible
  for Ruka to defend herself especially in levels 3 and 4.
release: 1995-09-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gunners Heaven (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gunners Heaven (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gunners Heaven (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gunners Heaven (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gunners Heaven (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Harmful Park (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Harmful Park (Japan)/Harmful Park (Japan).json
developer: Sky Think Systems
publisher: Sky Think Systems
genre: Shooter
description:
  Harmful Park was only released on the Playstation in Japan by a small company
  named Sky Think Systems. It's your standard 2D side-scrolling shooter, except
  set in a bizarre amusement park. As the (relatively lengthy) introduction tells
  you, an evil scientist has taken over Harmful Park and is using it for nefarious
  purposes. One of his colleagues aims to stop him, but she's old to do it
  herself. So, she commands her two slacker daughters to save the day, equipping
  them with some kind of flying motorcycle armed to the teeth with strange
  weapons.
release: 1997-02-14
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Harmful Park (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Harmful Park (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Harmful Park (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Harmful Park (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Harmful Park (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Argonaut Games
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  J. K. Rowling's immensely popular boy wizard makes his highly anticipated
  entrance to the realm of video gaming with this third-person 3D action-adventure
  based on Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, the first novel in the series.
  In the role of the prodigious young magician the player begins his first year at
  Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, joined by familiar characters such
  as Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, and even Draco Malfoy.
  .
  Harry Potter can explore the grounds at Hogwarts, spend time with Hagrid, and
  even hop on a broomstick for a quick game of quidditch. However, as in the
  novel, Harry's special gifts are noticed not only by his instructors but by
  darker forces, as well, and the player may even come face-to-face with
  "You-Know-Who" himself before this adventure is over.
release: 2001-11-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Harvest Moon - Back to Nature (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Harvest Moon - Back to Nature (USA)/Harvest Moon - Back to Nature (USA).json
developer: Victor Interactive Software
publisher: Natsume
genre: Life Simulation;Role-Playing
description:
  Natsume's farm simulation series makes its debut on the PlayStation with Harvest
  Moon: Back to Nature. Starting out with a few rudimentary implements and very
  little money, you begin the arduous task of reviving your grandfather's farm and
  thereby claiming your place as its rightful heir.
  .
  Players are given three years to achieve this goal. A year consists of four
  seasons, each of which lasts 30 days. Different crops can be planted each
  season, but before the seeds can be planted, the land must be cleared and then
  the soil tilled.
  .
  Seeds must also be watered until the fruit or vegetable matures. Once the crops
  are ready for harvest, they can be placed in a shipping bin where they'll be
  collected and paid for. In addition to farming, players will interact with local
  villagers and partake in seasonal events such as the Tomato Festival and
  Fireworks Display. As more money is earned, players can expand their farm and
  begin to raise livestock such as chickens and cows.
release: 1999-12-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Harvest Moon - Back to Nature (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Harvest Moon - Back to Nature (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Harvest Moon - Back to Nature (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Harvest Moon - Back to Nature (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Harvest Moon - Back to Nature (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hellnight (Europe) (En,Fr,De)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Hellnight (Europe) (En,Fr,De)/Hellnight (Europe) (En,Fr,De).json
developer: Dennou Eizo Seisakusho
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Horror;Stealth
description:
  Tokyo at the end of the millennium is a megapolis with a huge system of subway
  tunnels and sewers. The game opens with the protagonist fleeing from a group of
  notorious cult members through the city streets and escaping on a late-night
  subway train. As he contemplates why they specifically want to kidnap him, the
  scene changes to secluded research station. There, a symbiotic lifeform breaks
  free of its confines and attacks a research scientist. He soon mutates into a
  zombie-like creature and makes a bloody exit towards the subway system.
release: 1999-12-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hellnight (Europe) (En,Fr,De).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hellnight (Europe) (En,Fr,De).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hellnight (Europe) (En,Fr,De).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hellnight (Europe) (En,Fr,De).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hellnight (Europe) (En,Fr,De).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Herc's Adventures (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Herc's Adventures (USA)/Herc's Adventures (USA).json
developer: Big Ape
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Ahhh...ancient Greece. A fertile land, full of wine, women, and some of the best
  gyros you'll ever taste. Thanks to Persephone, the Greek goddess of spring and
  fertility, Greece is a wonderful paradise. But now the lord of the Underworld,
  Hades, has gone and kidnapped Persephone, causing the land to slowly wither
  away! Zeus, the King of the Gods, needs help in saving her, so who do you call?
  None other than three of the greatest warriors in the land!
  .
  You can choose from the big 'n' buff Herc, the super swift Atlanta, or the young
  and street-smart Jason, each of whom have their own weapons and strengths. The
  game's 40 levels include many further variations and pastiches of Greek
  mythology and legend.
  .
  It's all up to you to rescue Persephone and give Hades a beatdown he'll never
  forget!
release: 1997-07-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Herc's Adventures (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Herc's Adventures (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Herc's Adventures (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Herc's Adventures (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Herc's Adventures (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Hogs of War (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Hogs of War (USA)/Hogs of War (USA).json
developer: Infogrames Studios
publisher: Infogrames
genre: Strategy
description:
  Six nations fight for control of Saustralasia in Hogs of War. You side with one
  of the nations and fight through 25 levels of turn-based action. However, your
  army is rather unique: it is comprised of pigs. Yes, the smartest of all
  barnyard animals have decided to wage a war for resources. On each turn, you
  control one pig for a set amount of time. You can move the animal and attack the
  enemy, and when time is up you switch to another soldier in the three- to
  five-member team. After all of your swine have moved, the enemies take their
  turn in a similar manner. For a real combat challenge, hook up the multi-tap and
  battle up to three friends in the multiplayer mode. Will you be able to handle
  all of the combat and take control of Saustralasia? The only way to find out is
  to play HOGS OF WAR.
release: 2000-06-08
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hogs of War (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hogs of War (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hogs of War (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hogs of War (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hogs of War (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Holiday Picks '97 (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Holiday Picks '97 (USA) (v1.1)/Holiday Picks '97 (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: Various
publisher: Various
genre: Compilation;Demos
description:
  Take Immediate Action
  .
  Locate the nearest PlayStation Game Console.
  .
  Lock all doors and disconnect phone lines to avoid interruption.
  .
  Insert this FREE disc and immerse yourself in a ton of playable game demos.
  .
  Playable:
  .
  *  Armored Core
  .
  *  Colony Wars (with code)
  .
  *  Cool Boarders 2
  .
  *  Crash Bandicoot 2 – Cortex Strikes Back
  .
  *  Fighting Force (with code)
  .
  *  Intelligent Qube
  .
  *  Jet Moto 2
  .
  *  NFL Gameday ’98
  .
  *  NHL Faceoff ’98
  .
  *  PaRappa the Rapper
  .
  *  Star Wars – Masters of the Teras Kasi
  .
  *  Tomb Raider II
  .
  Videos:
  .
  *  Cool Boarders 2
  .
  *  Gex 2 (Gex – Enter the Gecko)
  .
  *  Gran Turismo 2
  .
  *  Intelligent Qube
  .
  *  Jet Moto 2
  .
  *  NFL Gameday ’98
  .
  *  PaRappa the Rapper
  .
  *  Star Wars – Masters of the Teras Kasi
  .
  *  Tomb Raider II
  .
  WARNING: Potential Side Effects may include sudden outbursts of fun, fits of
  rage and habit-forming addiction. In case of addiction, do not consult a
  physician...get more PlayStation games!
release: 1997-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Holiday Picks '97 (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Holiday Picks '97 (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Holiday Picks '97 (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Holiday Picks '97 (USA) (v1.1).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth (USA)/Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth (USA).json
developer: MaxFive
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Utilizing a host of new gameplay elements, Hoshigami: Ruining Blue Earth expands
  upon the formula made popular by the cult classic Final Fantasy Tactics. The
  continent of Mardias serves as the game's primary world, and is divided into
  three kingdoms: Nightweld, the Valaimian Empire and Gerauld. The story begins as
  Valaimian troops advance into Nightweld, a peace-loving kingdom. Lacking the
  military might to repel the invaders from multiple fronts, Fazz - a mercenary
  and the game's protagonist - is hired to defend the Tower of Wind. Needless to
  say, this is just the beginning of a dire and perilous journey for the unwitting
  Fazz.
  .
  As you and your party trek across the world map, you'll take part in various
  battles. Ready-for-Action Points (RAP) determine which, as well as the number of
  actions that can be performed by a particular character. The more actions
  performed (and thus, more RAPs expended) during a turn, the longer you'll have
  to wait for your next chance to act. When attacking, an interactive gauge
  appears that does damage based upon where the slider is stopped. Stopping it at
  the very end will result in greater damage dealt to the enemy. Wait too long
  however and the slider will return to the beginning.
release: 2001-12-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: I.Q - Intelligent Qube (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/I.Q - Intelligent Qube (USA)/I.Q - Intelligent Qube (USA).json
developer: Epics
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Put your brain to work! A squadron of Qubes are coming at you, and if you're not
  quick enough to get rid of them, you're toast! Capture them, contain them, and
  confine them...score points for capturing big groups of Qubes! Just don't touch
  the black Qubes, because...well...you're dead if you do.
  .
  And the rules are very simple. If you lose, you die. So you know what to do,
  right? That's right...don't die.
release: 1997-01-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/I.Q - Intelligent Qube (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/I.Q - Intelligent Qube (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/I.Q - Intelligent Qube (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/I.Q - Intelligent Qube (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/I.Q - Intelligent Qube (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon (USA)/Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon (USA).json
developer: Asylum Studios
publisher: Eidos
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  You see Baron Sukumvit himself standing by the entrance, waiting to wish you
  well, along with a great throng of townsfolk. You turn to face the silent crowd.
  To them, you are their last hope. But you can tell from their faces that they do
  not expect you to succeed. After all, many have tried, and many have died. Even
  the great Dragon himself does not seem to mind these attempts to destroy him. It
  is said he enjoys the 'sport'. Nevertheless, you are sure of your abilities, for
  you are strong and fast, and undefeated in battle.
  .
  You take in a final deep breath of cool fresh air before turning to pass between
  the stone-pillared gateway into the dragon's corridors of power, to face unknown
  perils on "The Walk" through the deadly Deathtrap Dungeon.
  .
  Based on Ian Livingstone's multi-million unit selling Fighting Fantasy
  gamebooks. Deadly combat with 55 monstrous characters from Orcs and Dragons, to
  Mummies and Zombies. Full 3D gameplay with an intuitive 3rd person camera angle
  system. 10 tortuous levels, each an enormous sweeping map of mazes, corridors,
  dungeons, and traps. Frantic close-quarters combat with swords, hammers, spell
  casting, muskets, and as a last resort, your bare hands! Deviously designed
  traps including covered pits, hidden corridors, false floors, hails of arrows,
  and moving spikes. Network and modem play option for up to 4 players.
  Atmospheric dynamic lighting system.
release: 1998-03-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: In Cold Blood (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/In Cold Blood (USA)/In Cold Blood (USA).json
developer: Revolution Software
publisher: Midway Games
genre: Adventure;Puzzle;Shooter;Stealth
description:
  In Cold Blood requires players to use more brains than brawn in solving a case
  of international intrigue, puzzle-solving, clue gathering, and the unwinding of
  a tangled web of espionage, double-crosses and a sinister plot that might
  threaten the free world. The story unwinds in an unusual manner: At the start of
  the game, your character, Agent John Cord, has been captured by the enemy and is
  in the midst of a grueling interrogation. The scenes from the game come from his
  memories as he is undergoing this ordeal, with players taking on his previous
  adventures that lead him up to this point. It is a spy-thriller in the vein of
  James Bond, and as Cord remembers more, the overall story begins to make more
  sense.
  .
  Throughout In Cold Blood, players will have to search for hidden objects and
  talk to a whole host of characters, attempting at every turn to solve the
  puzzles that pop up in their way. But tricky conundrums aren't the only thing
  blocking their paths -- they'll also have to take control of Agent Cord in
  high-octane gun battles against enemy agents. Occasionally, the player can
  outwit the enemies, but they'll often they'll have to fight it out in a duel to
  the death.
release: 2001-03-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/In Cold Blood (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/In Cold Blood (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/In Cold Blood (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/In Cold Blood (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/In Cold Blood (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Incredible Hulk, The - The Pantheon Saga (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Incredible Hulk, The - The Pantheon Saga (USA)/Incredible Hulk, The - The Pantheon Saga (USA).json
developer: Attention to Detail Limited
publisher: Eidos
genre: Beat 'em Up
description:
  The Incredible Hulk - The Pantheon Saga is the big green guy's first appearance
  on the Sony PlayStation. In this 14 level punch-and-kickfest, he has been
  captured by members of the Pantheon. They intend to use his body for
  experimentation. As the transport ship reaches the Pantheon base, though, the
  ship crashes at the landing site, freeing Hulk to smash, destroy, and get
  revenge on his captors. Hulk can hit and kick opponents, windows, walls, and
  anything else that gets in his way. He is also capable of a variety of special
  moves including a booming Sonic Clap, a shattering Floor Smash, and a sweeping
  Vortex Spin.
release: 1996-12-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Incredible Hulk, The - The Pantheon Saga (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Incredible Hulk, The - The Pantheon Saga (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Incredible Hulk, The - The Pantheon Saga (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Incredible Hulk, The - The Pantheon Saga (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Incredible Hulk, The - The Pantheon Saga (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Intellivision Classic Games (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Intellivision Classic Games (USA)/Intellivision Classic Games (USA).json
developer: LTI Gray Matter
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Shooter;Sports
description:
  Turn your PlayStation into one of the top videogame systems of the early 1980s
  with Intellivision Classics. Compiling 30 of the Mattel Electronics machine's
  most popular games, each is emulated to play exactly as it did nearly two
  decades before. You also have the ability to save at any time during a game, and
  the compilation includes interviews with original developers of Intellivision
  titles.
  .
  According to All-Game Guide writers, the best games within the collection
  include fly-catching exploits in Frog Bog, helicopter dogfights in Hover Force
  and such self-explanatorily titled selections as Sea Battle, Skiing (formerly
  U.S. Ski Team Skiing), Boxing and Chess.
release: 1999-09-30
players: 5
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Intellivision Classic Games (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Intellivision Classic Games (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Intellivision Classic Games (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Intellivision Classic Games (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Intellivision Classic Games (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Interactive CD Sampler Disc 6 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Interactive CD Sampler Disc 6 (USA)/Interactive CD Sampler Disc 6 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  A sample disc containing playable demos and video previews of upcoming and
  released Sony PlayStation games from 1997. Playable games include: Bloody Roar,
  Cool Boarders 2, Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back, PaRappa the Rapper,
  Gex: Enter the Gecko, NHL FaceOff 98, and WCW Nitro.
release: 1997-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Interactive CD Sampler Disc 6 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Interactive CD Sampler Disc 6 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Interactive CD Sampler Disc 6 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Interactive CD Sampler Disc 6 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Interactive CD Sampler Pack Volume 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Interactive CD Sampler Pack Volume 3 (USA)/Interactive CD Sampler Pack Volume 3 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  Dare to Sample the Best! Twisted Metal 2, Crash Bandicoot, NCAA Football
  Gamebreaker and Tekken 2. Look for these titles and more at your favorite
  retailer!
release: 1996
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Interactive CD Sampler Pack Volume 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Interactive CD Sampler Pack Volume 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Interactive CD Sampler Pack Volume 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Interactive CD Sampler Pack Volume 3 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Iron Man & X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Iron Man & X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal (USA)/Iron Man & X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal (USA).json
developer: Realtime Associates
publisher: Acclaim
genre: Action;Fighting;Shooter
description:
  Marvel Comics' stars Iron Man and X-O Manowar have teamed up to save the world
  from their ruthless enemies. Choose either character and get ready to blast
  through eight levels spanning multiple zones: Nuclear Plant, Stark Enterprises,
  New York City, Rain Forest, Isle, Drill Platform, Dromak Ship and Cyberspace.
  Each area is filled with troops such as Spider Alien Soldiers (armed with laser
  blasters) and various defenses including laser turrets, cannons and electrical
  traps. Luckily, both characters have a few moves at their disposal to combat
  these threats.
  .
  Iron Man and X-O Manowar can fire short blasts of energy from their arms, hover
  in the air, punch and kick, fire chest weapons, and pick up and throw objects.
  Since enemies will appear in both the foreground and background, you can also
  fire weapons on either plane! Various power-ups include first-aid kits to
  replenish each character's armor, one-up icons to add to their number of lives,
  and continue icons to let players resume progress after dying. The game also
  features several boss characters at the conclusion of each zone, such as
  Goliath, Yellowjacket, Titania, Mr. Hyde and many more. Bring along a second
  player for simultaneous action!
release: 1996-10-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Iron Man & X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Iron Man & X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Iron Man & X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Iron Man & X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Iron Man & X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Iru! (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Iru! (Japan)/Iru! (Japan).json
developer: Takara
publisher: TAKARA Co., Ltd.
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  ...Iru! is a first person survival horror game in the vein of Clock Tower and
  Echo Night in which you play as a young boy, trapped in a school with your
  schoolmates at night. As your friends are getting killed one by one, your goal
  is to escape this nightmare alive and to find out the truth behind those deaths.
  .
  In ...Iru! you must hide from monsters in chase sequences to avoid getting
  killed. To progress in the game, you will need to talk to other people who are
  trapped in the school, as well as solve puzzles with the various quest items you
  can find scattered around the school.
release: 1998-03-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Iru! (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Iru! (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Iru! (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Iru! (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Iru! (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jade Cocoon - Story of the Tamamayu (USA) (Demo)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Jade Cocoon - Story of the Tamamayu (USA) (Demo)/Jade Cocoon - Story of the Tamamayu (USA) (Demo).json
developer: Genki
publisher: Crave
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Enter the world of Jade Cocoon: Story of the Tamamayu. As Levant, a Cocoon
  Master, you will engage powerful monsters in deadly one on one combat. As the
  magic and talon clashes of these battles turn to your favor you can call on the
  mystic cocoon powers and capture your fallen foe. Once captured these mighty
  creatures will be the key to unlocking the curse that has overcome your village.
  .
  Custom combine captured creatures into millions of powerful new monsters.\n
  Beautifully rendered backgrounds create a world rich in texture and tone.
  .
  Pit your creation against a friend in arena mode.
release: 1998-11-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jade Cocoon - Story of the Tamamayu (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jade Cocoon - Story of the Tamamayu (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jade Cocoon - Story of the Tamamayu (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jade Cocoon - Story of the Tamamayu (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.video: Video/Jade Cocoon - Story of the Tamamayu (USA) (Demo).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jampack Vol. 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Jampack Vol. 2 (USA)/Jampack Vol. 2 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  JamPack Vol. 2 is a Miscellaneous game, developed and published by SCEA, which
  was released in 1997.
release: 1997
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jampack Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jampack Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jampack Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jampack Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Jigsaw Madness (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Jigsaw Madness (USA)/Jigsaw Madness (USA).json
developer: Nippon Ichi Software Inc.
publisher: XS Games, LLC
genre: Puzzle
description:
  A digital re-creation of the hobby of puzzle building, Jigsaw Madness offers
  gamers a collection of 150 different puzzles (across a variety of themes) that
  can be pieced together, alone or against up to three other players. Utilizing a
  small hand-shaped cursor, players construct puzzles that range in size from 24
  to 96 to 150 pieces, each depicting anything from animals and insects to sports
  and anim characters. Players are given only seven pieces at a time with which to
  work, and basic statistics such as the number of pieces placed both, correctly
  and incorrectly, as well as the time elapsed is continually displayed.
  .
  The multiplayer portion of the title allows up to four players to compete
  against one another, in a race to see who can complete the puzzle fastest. A
  handful of options are available, including whether or not an outline of the
  various shapes is displayed on the playing field, thereby making the game
  easier.
release: 2002-12-01
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jigsaw Madness (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jigsaw Madness (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jigsaw Madness (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jigsaw Madness (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Jigsaw Madness (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Juggernaut (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Juggernaut (USA)/Juggernaut (USA).json
developer: Will
publisher: Jaleco
genre: Adventure
description:
  Juggernaut is a slow-paced, point-and-click adventure in the same vein as the PC
  title Myst. It tells the story of a young woman named Sarah who, after having
  received an antique bottle as a gift from her boyfriend, opens it only to be
  consumed by an enigmatic, evil force. Having inadvertently caused her plight,
  players assume the role of her boyfriend who, aided by a priest, must venture
  into her mind, defeat the being that now resides there, and ultimately, save her
  soul.
  .
  The gist of the gameplay consists of moving about a series of static screens,
  collecting items and objects for later use, and solving puzzles in order to
  progress further into the game. An onscreen compass allows players to determine
  in which cardinal direction they're able to proceed. Movement between these
  screens is facilitated by pressing the appropriate direction on the D-pad. If
  the scene contains any interactive elements, a cursor is displayed that can be
  moved about the environment, allowing players to investigate or manipulate
  whatever they are.
release: 1998-11-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Juggernaut (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Juggernaut (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Juggernaut (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Juggernaut (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Juggernaut (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jumping Flash! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Jumping Flash! (USA)/Jumping Flash! (USA).json
developer: Exact
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Jumping Flash is a first-person 3D action platformer where the player must use
  their triple-jump and special weapons to defeat enemies.
  .
  The story goes like this: the evil Baron Aloha and his minions the Muu-Muus have
  stolen all of the Earth's greatest locations to use to construct his own private
  retreat. It's up to the player as Commander Robbit the robotic super-bunny to
  save the world and stop Baron Aloha.
release: 1995-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jumping Flash! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jumping Flash! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jumping Flash! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jumping Flash! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Jumping Flash! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jumping Flash! 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Jumping Flash! 2 (USA)/Jumping Flash! 2 (USA).json
developer: Exact
publisher: Sony
genre: Platform;Shooter
description:
  Just like in the prequel you jump around a 3D scenery and try to find all the
  Muumuus hidden in each level.
  .
  You'll once again go through big levels with some huge structures reaching into
  the skies with floating platforms and loads of shooting enemies. Luckily you're
  armed too, so prepare for some really thrilling jump and run action along with a
  lot of shooting.
release: 1996-08-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jumping Flash! 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jumping Flash! 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jumping Flash! 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jumping Flash! 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Jumping Flash! 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kagero - Deception II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Kagero - Deception II (USA)/Kagero - Deception II (USA).json
developer: Tecmo
publisher: Tecmo
genre: Horror;Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Enter a world where humans and creatures called Timenoids coexist. These
  blue-skinned Timenoids are determined to wipe out the inferior human race, and
  this is where you come in. You play the role of Millennia, a young woman who was
  brainwashed at an early age to do the Timenoids' bidding. She now believes that
  the humans must be exterminated from the world, which is rather ironic, since
  she is human herself. Yet if she succeeds, the Timenoids have promised her
  immortality and the power to become one of their own...
  .
  In this sequel to Tecmo's Deception, you are once again placed inside a castle
  to lure invaders into various traps. The game differs from the original in
  several ways, however. The view is no longer first-person, so you can see your
  character at all times. Multiple traps can also be triggered at once (up to
  three), forming even deadlier combinations than the original. In addition, the
  vibration mode is supported on the Dual Shock Analog Controller to provide
  feedback on each gruesome death. Prepare for a non-linear journey as the
  decisions you make during the game affect the type of ending you'll receive.
  Maybe, just maybe, you'll remember your past...
release: 1998-10-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kagero - Deception II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kagero - Deception II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kagero - Deception II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kagero - Deception II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kagero - Deception II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel (Japan)/Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel (Japan).json
developer: Techno Soleil
publisher: Techno Soleil
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  The Rapid Angel (aka Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel) comes from the same
  platformer fold that classics such as Valis, Makeruna Makendo and Ninja Warriors
  sproted from. Like those earlier offerings, the goal is to move across the
  screen and attack enemies and obstacles alike.
  .
  The biggest difference with other beatem up games is the 2 player mode in which
  the 2nd player takes the role of the angel and can help the first player
  character during the game.
  .
  CHARACTERS:\n
  3 heroines to choose from: Natsumi, Ayane and Haruna. Each of these girls fights
  in her own personal style. The way they fight and defend themselves vary
  immensely and give the game 3 completely different ways to be played.
  .
  1 - Natsumi fights with her fists and feet. Rapidly pushing the attack button
  links punches and kicks together to create combos.\n
  You can also do a downwards kick while jumping by pressing down+attack in the
  air. She can block hits by defending with her steel plated arm protectors. While
  running, she can also perform a jumping kick.
  .
  2 - Ayane uses a sword to fight and defend herself. Most of her moves are
  similar to Natsumi's except she has a spinning sword attack when attacking in
  the air.
  .
  3 - Haruna. When playing with her for the first time, she may appear to be the
  weakest character. Perhaps to a point where one may think she is useless. But
  first impressions couldn't be further from the truth. She is the most versatile
  character in the game.\n
  Haruna doesn't use close combat moves, instead she throws pins at her
  adversaries. Which don't inflict a great deal of damage. For her second attack
  you need to hold down, then press attack, she will throw a card that shoots
  forwards along the floor and explodes when it makes contact with an enemy. This
  attack can be charged up to do more damage.
  .
  Her defensive move is a magic shield which hurts enemies when they touch it, but
  takes a second to charge up. Her dash attack ends with her tumbling and falling
  face first in the dirt. Told you she wasn't good in physical attacks.
  .
  She also can take 3 different stances, from which very powerful attacks are
  possible. But using these stances in the heat of battle might be a bit tricky,
  so practice will be necessary to get the most out of them. The first stance is
  done by holding the L2 button. While doing this you must rapidly tap the attack
  button 4 times. Haruna will then shoot a little magic bomb which will stun
  enemies. Leaving them open to your attacks.\n
  Her 2nd stance is with R1. Keep this pressed and she will hold up a scroll. Now
  rapidly tap the attack button 8 times to summon a female warrior who will
  deliver 3 devastating blows. Her last stance uses the R2 button. Hold this down
  and rapidly tap the attack button 6 times. With this she sets the ground on fire
  just before her feet.
release: 1998-08-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kaisoku Tenshi - The Rapid Angel (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kartia - The Word of Fate (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Kartia - The Word of Fate (USA)/Kartia - The Word of Fate (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  A turn-based, strategy RPG, Kartia presents players with two disparate, yet
  intersecting storylines: one as the shrine warrior, Lacryma Christi; the other
  as Toxa Classico, an arrogant knight. Having selected a character, players
  embark on a journey spanning 18 chapters, each of which is preceded by pertinent
  dialogue and FMV scenes, the former accompanied by character portraits from
  Yoshitaka Amano (best known for his work on the Final Fantasy series). The
  titular Kartia represents the lifeblood of the world of Rebus, as it is from
  this that almost anything can be created. Prior to and during each skirmish,
  Kartia can be used to fashion spells, equipment, and phantoms by assembling the
  various elements each entity requires.
  .
  Everything created in the game comprises three elements: the necessary text,
  proper grammar and the Kartia on which to write it (three forms of Kartia exist,
  namely, Silk, Mithril, and WorldTree, each more powerful than the last), and it
  is these elements that are most sought after throughout the game. Phantom
  creatures, the foot soldiers of the piece, are aligned according to Common,
  Doll, and Shadow types, and analogous to the simple Rock-Paper-Scissors game,
  each fares better or worse against a one of the others. Although expendable in
  battle, phantoms will, like their human counterparts, gain in experience over
  time and increase in power and ability.
  .
  The battlefields on which players engage the enemy are susceptible to damage,
  and excessive spell use will scorch the land, burn trees to the ground, freeze
  bodies of water and deform the terrain. Additionally, players can trade items
  with a friend or compete in two-player versus competition using their save data
  from the single-player adventure.
  .
  Features:\n
  * Customize your party by creating spells, equipment, and phantom warriors with
  Kartia elements\n
  * Compete against a second player in versus competition or trade items via
  memory card\n
  * Features character designs by famed Final Fantasy artist, Yoshitaka Amano
release: 1998-08-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kartia - The Word of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kartia - The Word of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kartia - The Word of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kartia - The Word of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kartia - The Word of Fate (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kileak - The DNA Imperative (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Kileak - The DNA Imperative (USA)/Kileak - The DNA Imperative (USA).json
developer: Genki
publisher: Sony
genre: Shooter
description:
  Deep beneath the South Pole permafrost, a crazed scientist has unearthed an
  ancient DNA code, dormant for over 2,000,000,000 years. Is this the discovery of
  the "ultimate evolution"? Or does he now hold the damnation of mankind in his
  grasp? Only YOU can stop him.
  .
  * A REAL-TIME shooter where minutes are too long, hours not enough! In-future-
  tense!
  .
  * Amazing 1st person view. You ARE a one-man assault squad.
  .
  * An arsenal of weapons, ammunition and armor. Have you been doing your push-
  ups?
  .
  * Robot assassins with even more advanced A.I. than the military's most powerful
  computers.
  .
  * Secret rooms and strategy-oriented challenge where seconds count!
release: 1997-01-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kileak - The DNA Imperative (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kileak - The DNA Imperative (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kileak - The DNA Imperative (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kileak - The DNA Imperative (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kileak - The DNA Imperative (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: King's Field (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/King's Field (Japan)/King's Field (Japan).json
developer: From Software
publisher: From Software
genre: Role-Playing;Western-Style
description:
  "KING'S FIELD" is dungeon-crawler RPG that reproduces a full-scale virtual
  world! Experience freedom of movement that is not restricted by direction, a
  natural field of view, and an entire world in which everything from enemy
  characters to items moves smoothly, dungeons, etc. are rendered by polygon
  processing, rendering a realistic space with ease! Explore the dungeon, which
  consists of five intricate underground layers, using what little information you
  obtain from conversations with people in the dungeon!
release: 1994-12-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/King's Field (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/King's Field (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/King's Field (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/King's Field (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/King's Field (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: King's Field (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/King's Field (USA)/King's Field (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: FromSoftware, Inc.
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  King's Field is the first game in the King's Field role-playing video game
  series. Like all its successors, the game is played through first person view in
  a dark and mysterious, medieval fantasy setting.
  .
  The game was developed by the Japanese video game company From Software, and
  released December 16, 1994 in Japan, making it the first RPG released for the
  PlayStation. Since it was never published outside Japan, this game is commonly
  known as King's Field (Japan) in the U.S. The game has later received a fan
  translation in English. A complete remake was released in 2000 as part of the
  Sword of Moonlight: King's Field Making Tool software suite for Windows PCs;
  also released only in Japan.
  .
  STORY:\n
  There was a small country called Verdite surrounded by a deep forest, encircled
  by fog and whirling winds. In ancient days, when a great battle was fought and
  many were dying, Verdite was saved by a person who then disappeared into the
  forest. Only the forest's drifting fog knew who this person was... The citizens
  called their savior the Dragon of the Forest and built a sanctuary and honored
  this person there. Eventually, only a legend remained and the Sanctuary was
  changed into the Royal Graveyard and all was silent. But, the legend says,
  "Someday the Dragon of the Forest shall return, bearing Magical Artifacts."
  However, the time has not yet come and the Sanctuary sleeps deeply...
  .
  GAMEPLAY:\n
  The original King's Field is the first of the first-person fantasy RPG King's
  Field series. It was released in Japan weeks after the launch of the
  PlayStation, and never localized or released elsewhere. When King's Field II was
  later released in the West, it was renamed King's Field for those regions.
  .
  In this game, the player controls John Alfred Forrester looking for his missing
  father inside lost, haunted ruins. The journey takes him through a five-level
  dungeon populated by friendly NPCs and deadly traps and monsters. The entire
  world, including objects, enemies, and the player's own equipment, is rendered
  with 3D textured polygons.
  .
  The player collects gold and items from slain enemies, and can purchase weapons
  and spells at two shops located within the dungeon. Weapons and magic are
  assigned to different buttons so the player can easily attack with both,
  however, recharging action bars for each prevent rapidly spamming attacks.
  Skills and stats increase with use, and items can be bought or collected that
  raise specific stats when used (green Verdite stones raise magic, for example).
  The final boss can only be defeated with magic, encouraging players to grind a
  rounded character to to a maximum level.
  .
  Each level of the dungeon holds enemies more difficult than the last, as well as
  greater rewards. The game takes place entirely within the narrow walls of the
  dungeon, with the only "safe" areas on the first floor. Players can save their
  progress to the memory card by activating crosses mounted on walls throughout
  the levels.
release: 1994-12-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/King's Field (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/King's Field (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/King's Field (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/King's Field (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: King's Field II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/King's Field II (USA)/King's Field II (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: Ascii Entertainment
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  King's Field II--the hour of destiny is at hand... Your kingdom is once again
  under attack by the ruthless minions of evil. This time they have possessed King
  Alfred himself! As the King's son, Prince Lyle, you must bring forth the tide of
  change that will effect the universe from now until the end of time. The fate of
  the world is in your hands!\n
  Re-enter the realm of King's Field for the most explosive debut on the
  PlayStation yet... ASCII Entertainment went all out to provide a fully
  non-linear three dimensional world that even blows away the original! The
  intense action and powerful storytelling will keep you riveted for months!
release: 1996-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/King's Field II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/King's Field II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/King's Field II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/King's Field II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/King's Field II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Klonoa - Door to Phantomile (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Klonoa - Door to Phantomile (USA)/Klonoa - Door to Phantomile (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Platform
description:
  Klonoa: Door to Phantomile is a side-scrolling platform game viewed from a
  "2.5D" perspective. The player moves the protagonist, Klonoa, along a path in a
  two-dimensional fashion, but the game is rendered in three dimensions. This
  allows the path followed to curve and for the player to interact with objects
  outside of the path. The game is divided by levels called "Visions", where the
  player progresses by following a path with defeatable computer-controlled
  enemies and puzzles that must be solved. At the end of some levels, the player
  must defeat a boss - a powerful enemy. The player defeats enemies by utilizing
  Klonoa's weapon, the "Wind Bullet", a ring that fires a burst of wind. If the
  wind hits an enemy, Klonoa lifts the enemy above his head. From this position,
  he can throw the enemy into another enemy to defeat them, or use the enemy to
  perform a double-jump (a jump of increased height allowing for new locations to
  be reached). If the player holds the jump button, Klonoa floats in mid-air for a
  short duration, which increases the jump length. Environmental factors such as
  small, localized tornadoes and springboards launch Klonoa up or forward,
  allowing the player to overcome obstacles.
release: 1997-03-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Klonoa - Door to Phantomile (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Klonoa - Door to Phantomile (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Klonoa - Door to Phantomile (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Klonoa - Door to Phantomile (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Klonoa - Door to Phantomile (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 1 (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 1 (Japan)/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 1 (Japan).json
developer: KCET
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Platform;Racing;Sports
description:
  This game is the first volume of a series of compilations of MSX computer games
  released by Konami only in Japan. It was also released on the Sega Saturn.
  .
  This compilation includes the classic games:
  .
  .
  • Konami's Boxing (1984):
  .
  A boxing game with a couple of moves, with the standard jabs complimented by
  body punches and the ability to dodge, duck or raise your guard. Each punch
  weakens your opponent's strength, although going long enough without being hit
  can see this begin to recover. A rain of blows can produce a quick knockout, but
  in general you must hit him many times, and then with a knockout blow, to see
  him go down. There is a referee. The game has a two player option.
  .
  • Konami's Ping-Pong (1985):
  .
  From Konami's coin-op, Ping Pong recreates the fast-paced sport of table tennis.
  To win each match you must get to 10 points with a 2 point lead - if the scores
  reach 10-9 the game goes on until someone has a 2 point lead or reaches 15, in a
  similar manner to tennis. There are nine skill levels to beat, with increasing
  abilities as the game goes on. The human player has the advantage of serving
  first, and as the serve reverses every five points, you are guaranteed to have
  more chances to serve than your opponent (remember the significance of 10 and 15
  in the scoring). The points system rewards long rallies and large winning
  margins, as you get points for each hit, for each point won, and for each point
  of the winning margin.
  .
  • Hyper Sports 2 (1985):
  .
  Three tough events await in this joystick-waggling action game. The full
  sequence of events is - skeet shooting, archery and weightlifting. You must
  complete each event in order to be allowed onto the next one.
  .
  • Mopiranger (1985):
  .
  The peaceful land of the Mopira have been invaded by the Razons. In this
  platform game you 'll play Mopiranger and you have to save the young Moplits,
  who have been kidnapped by the dastardly Razons. The levels are build in a
  maze-like pattern in which you have to find and rescue the young Moplits from
  the hostile Razons. Using the obstacles present in the game you can block the
  Razons, but also lock yourself in...
  .
  • Antarctic Adventure (1984):
  .
  As a penguin, you must travel around Antarctica, making your way between bases
  before time runs out. This sounds easy, right? Wrong. Hindering your progress
  will be ice crevices and leopard seals. You can jump over the crevices, but
  jumping over the leopard seals may be difficult. You can speed up or slow down
  the penguin to avoid both of these hazards. The bases include Australia, France,
  New Zealand, USA, Argentina, UK, and Japan. You can collect flags and eat fish
  for points. Collecting a flashing flag will allow you to wear a propeller that
  enable you to fly over those hazards.
  .
  • Yie Ar Kung-Fu (1984):
  .
  Based on the popular arcade game, Yie Ar Kung-Fu follows Oolong's quest to
  become a Kung-Fu master. Of course this involves fighting a wide range of
  opponents in a traditional one-on-one 2D environment. Oolong has a wide range of
  attacks he can use to lower his opponent's life bar, including traditional
  punching and kicking attacks as well as jumping ones. Opponents are well armed
  with unique weapons and attacks, so Oolong's task won't be easy.
  .
  • Road Fighter (1985):
  .
  A top view racing game. You have to reach the finish line before time runs out.
  Don't crash into the wall, cars or trucks. Because if you do you will lose
  gasoline. You can get additional gasoline by picking up fuel items. Especially
  avoid the purple cars, they do change lanes! And remember... oil makes road
  slippery...
  .
  • Sky Jaguar (1984):
  .
  Vertical shooter. When a weakened and vulnerable Earth is invaded by the vicious
  Zephyr army, the planet's only hope is a fleet of powerful ships, the Sky
  Jaguars. It 'll take sharp reflexes and amazing skills to survive the
  Zephyrians' unrelenting assault... can you last long enough to discover and
  destroy the enemy's hidden headquarters?
  .
  • Gradius (1986):
  .
  The people of Gradius are in trouble. The ameoboid Bacterions have launched an
  all out attack against the planet, and it's up to you to fly into battle and
  save them. Along the way you'll be able to power up your ship with hyper speed,
  force fields, lasers, missiles, double beam cannons and more to help you battle.
  Based on the arcade game, Gradius is a side scrolling shooter. Shooting certain
  enemies will leave a power up pod behind which can be collected to add more
  power to your ship. Each level features a wide variety of enemies trying to stop
  you, with a large boss at the end. Gameplay is for one player or two players
  alternating.
  .
  • Gofer no Yabou: Episode 2 (1988):
  .
  Also known as Nemesis 3 - The Eye Of Destruction. Gradius 3 is a vertical
  scrolling shoot 'm up. Shooting at certain enemies will leave a power up pod
  behind which can be collected to add more power to your space ship (for example
  special weapons or a force field). Every level features a wide variety of
  enemies trying to stop you, with a large boss at the end. Gameplay is for one
  player or two players alternating. In Gradius 3 the planet Gradius is involved
  in 3 space wars: versus Bacterion, Venom and Salamander!
release: 1997-11-20
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 1 (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 1 (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 1 (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 1 (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 1 (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 2 (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 2 (Japan)/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 2 (Japan).json
developer: KCET
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Platform;Racing;Sports
description:
  This game is the second volume of a series of compilations of MSX computer games
  released by Konami only in Japan. It was also released on the Sega Saturn.
  .
  This compilation includes the classic games:
  .
  - Konami's Golf (1984):\n
  Konami's Golf features a challenging 18 hole course and allows you to choose
  your club, adjust your stance and control your swing, applying hook and slice if
  desired (or inadvertently added). Wind and ball lie must be taken into account.
  The game features a split screen with two views, one an overhead view of the
  entire hole, and the other a 3-D view from your balls current location. The
  gameplay options include 1 player stroke play, 2 player stroke play, or 2 player
  match play.
  .
  - Konami's Billiards (1983):\n
  Billiards is a pool simulations game. Pocket ball, one of the most famous
  versions of billiards in the world, is now available on your computer screen.
  Discover the excitement of balls colliding, the silence and concentration of the
  billiard room. This game has a dual player mode.
  .
  - Hyper Sports 3 (1985):\n
  Four new challenging sports events await in this third and last installment of
  the Hyper Sports series. The sports to play in this edition are cycling, the
  triple jump, curling and pole jumping. To continue to the next event you must
  complete each event within the events qualification criteria.
  .
  - Athletic Land (1984):\n
  You play a child on a metro-cross-like dash across an obstacle course with a
  time limit. Your physical prowess is tested to the limit as you leap, duck, turn
  and twist to avoid all hazards. There are several screens with different
  combinations of obstacles.
  .
  - Magical Tree (1984):\n
  Magical Tree is a platform game where the player's objective is to reach the
  tree's top, some 2,000 meters above the ground. You play the little indian and
  you have to avoid several enemies, like bees and owls while climbing towards the
  top of the tree. Collect fruits and special items as diamonds on your way to the
  top of the tree.
  .
  - Yie Ar Kung-Fu II:\n
  The Emperor Yie-Gah (1985): Sequel of the popular arcade game, Yie Ar Kung-Fu.
  It follows Oolong's quest to become a Kung-Fu master. This involves fighting
  with a wide range of opponents in a traditional one-on-one 2D environment.
  Oolong has a wide range of attack moves he can use to lower his opponent's life
  bar, including traditional punching and kicking attacks as well as jumping ones.
  Opponents are well equipped with unique weapons and attacks.
  .
  - Knightmare (1986):\n
  The game is about brave knight, who shoots with arrows all his enemies and at
  the end of level their bosses such like witches, etc. Shooting monsters,
  avoiding obstacles, passing the bridges and collecting upgrades for your weapon
  leads you to the glory. Digitized music and sound adds more to ordinary arcade
  gameplay. This game maybe also about two brave knights (you and your friend) who
  does the same for the victory on one screen.
  .
  - Super Cobra (1983):\n
  Super Cobra is a side scrolling shooter based on the arcade game. You're a
  chopper pilot on a surveillance mission in enemy territory; your goal is to make
  it through the various obstacle courses alive and score as many points as
  possible. Tall buildings, mountains, narrow tunnels, and various enemies (such
  as tanks, rockets, mines, and more) can all get in the way and destroy your
  chopper if you aren't careful. To help defend yourself, the chopper is armed
  with a machine gun and bombs which can be used to destroy the enemy tanks and
  rockets. To make the task more difficult, your chopper has a limited amount of
  fuel. Throughout the landscapes are fuel tanks; if one of these is shot or
  bombed, you will be awarded extra fuel. As the levels progress, the enemies
  become more aggressive, fuel becomes more scarce, and the landscape becomes
  trickier to navigate.
  .
  - TwinBee (1986):\n
  (aka Stinger) Save Professor Cinnamon! When aliens from the planet Attackon
  kidnap the inventor during their invasion of Earth, two Twinbee Stinger jets
  (armed with boxing gloves) are unleashed to rescue Cinnamon before the aliens
  turn the Earth into a giant ball of cotton candy! In this vertical and
  horizontal scrolling shooter, blast away unusual creatures and even more bizarre
  bosses, while collecting power-ups and super weapons. By repeatedly shooting
  bells that come out of the clouds, these bells will change colors, each color
  giving a different ability. Getting shot down releases a ghost of Stinger, which
  can be recollected to gain the jet's powers back. In the two-player mode,
  Twinbee (cyan craft) and Winbee (red craft) have the same speed and they can
  join "hand-to-hand" and fire a super blast. Also in two player mode, if one
  craft is hit by the other from behind, it will fire four multi-directional
  shots.
  .
  - Gradius 2 (1987):\n
  Gradius 2 is a side scrolling shoot 'm up. Shooting enemies will leave a power
  up pod behind which can be collected to add more power to your space ship. Every
  level features a wide variety of enemies trying to stop you, with a large boss
  at the end. Gameplay is for one player or two players alternating.
release: 1998-01-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 2 (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 2 (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 2 (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 2 (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Konami Antiques - MSX Collection Vol. 2 (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Konami Arcade Classics (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Konami Arcade Classics (USA)/Konami Arcade Classics (USA).json
developer: KCE Sapporo
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Fighting;Platform;Shooter
description:
  This game is a compilation of old Arcade video games made by Konami and was
  released originally in japanese Arcades as "Konami 80's Arcade Gallery" in 1998.
  It was later ported to the Japanese PlayStation in 1999. The compilation was
  also released in North America, first in Arcades as "Konami 80's AC Special",
  then on the PlayStation as "Konami Arcade Classics".
  .
  It contained 10 games:
  .
  -   Pooyan\n
  -   Scramble\n
  -   Yie Ar Kung-Fu\n
  -   Roc'n Rope\n
  -   Shao-lin's Road\n
  -   Circus Charlie\n
  -   Super Cobra\n
  -   Road Fighter\n
  -   Time Pilot\n
  -   Gyruss
  .
  All of which were released in arcades between the years 1981 and 1985
  .
  .
  This PlayStation version was not released in Europe or Australia but both
  regions did get the Arcade version.
release: 1999-11-16
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Konami Arcade Classics (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Konami Arcade Classics (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Konami Arcade Classics (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Konami Arcade Classics (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Konami Arcade Classics (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Koudelka (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Koudelka (USA)/Koudelka (USA).json
developer: Sacnoth
publisher: SNK
genre: Horror;Role-Playing
description:
  A Gothic Horror RPG set in the late 19th century. An Epic Tale of Murder,
  Mystery and Mayhem. A Beautiful Yet Troubled Woman Named Koudelka Who is
  Summoned To Unravel It All...
  .
  Breathtaking Cinematic Scenes and Musical Score\n
  Three Fully Customizable Characters: Allocate Bonus Points to Determine Your
  Character Growth\n
  Beautifully Rendered 3D Backgrounds\n
  Combat Evil Using The Lifedrinker, Sacnoth Blade, Magic Spells and Many More
  Weapons...
release: 2000-02-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Koudelka (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Koudelka (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Koudelka (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Koudelka (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Koudelka (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan)/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan).json
developer: OutSide Directors Company
publisher: Asmik Ace Entertainment
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  In LSD the player navigates through a psychedelic dream world. The idea is
  simply to walk around and explore things in a dream environment. There are many
  strange environments in this world, and one way to travel through them is by
  foot. However, if the player bumps into walls or other objects in the game, they
  will be transported to another environment instantaneously through a system
  called "linking". Bumping into people, animals, or special objects usually
  results in a stranger dream.
  .
  Each dream can last up to 10 minutes, after which the player will 'wake up',
  when the screen fades away and the player is sent back to the game's initial
  menu. However, if the player falls off a cliff or into a hole in the dream, then
  the player will wake up immediately. There is a graph that appears at the end of
  each dream that keeps track of the player's state of mind; the states are Upper,
  Downer, Static and Dynamic, as referring to the environments and the general
  feel of the dream the player just went through. Past states may have effects on
  later dreams.
release: 1998-10-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan) (English Patched)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan) (English Patched)/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan) (English Patched).json
developer: OutSide Directors Company
publisher: Asmik Ace Entertainment
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  In LSD the player navigates through a psychedelic dream world. The idea is
  simply to walk around and explore things in a dream environment. There are many
  strange environments in this world, and one way to travel through them is by
  foot. However, if the player bumps into walls or other objects in the game, they
  will be transported to another environment instantaneously through a system
  called "linking". Bumping into people, animals, or special objects usually
  results in a stranger dream.
  .
  Each dream can last up to 10 minutes, after which the player will 'wake up',
  when the screen fades away and the player is sent back to the game's initial
  menu. However, if the player falls off a cliff or into a hole in the dream, then
  the player will wake up immediately. There is a graph that appears at the end of
  each dream that keeps track of the player's state of mind; the states are Upper,
  Downer, Static and Dynamic, as referring to the environments and the general
  feel of the dream the player just went through. Past states may have effects on
  later dreams.
release: 1998-10-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan) (English Patched).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan) (English Patched).jpg
assets.background: Background/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan) (English Patched).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LSD - Dream Emulator (Japan) (English Patched).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver (USA)/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver (USA).json
developer: Crystal Dynamics
publisher: Eidos  Interactive
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Soul Reaver is a third-person perspective action game with puzzle-solving and
  some platforming elements. The game follows Raziel on his quest to purge the
  land of vampires and take revenge on Kain and his brothers, leaders of the six
  clans. The player views the environments from behind Raziel's shoulder, moving
  him in any direction, climbing, attacking, jumping and using specific abilities.
  Raziel's can grip onto the edge of ledges and his torn wings allow him to glide
  gently downwards. He can also shift through the "material" world into the
  "spectral" realm at will, but must find specific locations in order to shift
  back. The two realms mirror one another, with distortions which give access to
  new areas and platforms. Existing in the material world drains Raziel's life
  energy at a constant rate.
release: 1999-06-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legend of Dragoon, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Legend of Dragoon, The (USA)/Legend of Dragoon, The (USA).json
developer: Sony Japan Studio
publisher: Sony
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  A peaceful beginning. The legend was born 10,000 years ago. A violent uprising.
  A civilization of flying creatures enslave the human race. A bloody war. In a
  bid for freedom, the humans harness the spiritual forces of Dragons and triumph.
  Tranquility and harmony exist between all. But the past and the future are about
  to collide...Unveil a fantasy of Magnificence, Deception, Magical Combat and
  Retribution. Transform into Dragoons and unleash extraordinary powers.
  Incredibly diverse characters wield unique weapons and Dragoon attacks powered
  by the forces of Earth, Light, Fire, Wind, Lightning, Water and Darkness.
  Totally unique and innovative tactical combat "Additionals" System.
release: 2000-06-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Dragoon, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Dragoon, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Dragoon, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Dragoon, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Dragoon, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Loaded (USA) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Loaded (USA) (En,Fr)/Loaded (USA) (En,Fr).json
developer: Gremlin Interactive
publisher: Interplay Entertainment
genre: Action
description:
  Set against the backdrop of an inter-galactic penal colony, Loaded sees players,
  as one of six psychotic inmates, attempting to navigate fifteen enemy-laden
  levels en route to their ultimate goal; the killing of the sadistic warden --
  known as FUB (Fat Ugly Boy) -- of said penal colony. The characters, with names
  such as Butch, FWANK, Cap N Hands, Mamma, Bounca, and Vox run the gamut from
  cross-dressing freaks and cyborg pirates to demented clowns and female
  cyber-criminals. All are rated in a handful of categories; each possessing
  differing speed, vitality and damage potential attributes. Armed with their
  character's weapon of choice, up to two players can blast their way through
  stages populated by fellow inmates, guards, straight-jacket laden mental
  patients, rats, and more. While objectives are present, the basic formula
  amounts to scouring each level in search of color-coded keys that will allow you
  to advance further into the level, while blasting hostiles and collecting
  ammunition and health power-ups to replenish your reserves. A small on-screen
  map allows you to find your way through the maze-like stages.
  .
  Each character is also capable of performing a strafe maneuver to avoid enemy
  attacks. In addition to the rudimentary health and ammunition boxes, power-ups
  can be obtained that increase the power of your weapon, temporarily freeze
  enemies, make you invisible for a brief period of time, imbue your character
  with limited invulnerability, or make you faster, with unlimited ammo for a set
  time. Should the overwhelming tide of enemies prove too much, each character is
  also capable of unleashing a set number of smart bomb-esque weapons that will
  clear all on-screen enemies. The action is viewed from a top-down perspective,
  and can be zoomed in or out as desired. Coins can be collected throughout each
  level and at the end of each stage, you'll be given a Greed rating based upon
  the amount you gathered.
  .
  Features:\n
  Choose from six hardened criminals, from lithe females to brutish bouncers\n
  Blast your way through fifteen maze-like levels\n
  Acquire power-ups and weapon upgrades to help keep the tides of enemies at bay
release: 1995-12-12
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Loaded (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Loaded (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Loaded (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Loaded (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.video: Video/Loaded (USA) (En,Fr).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Lucifer Ring (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Lucifer Ring (Japan)/Lucifer Ring (Japan).json
developer: Soft Machine
publisher: Toshiba EMI
genre: Fighting
description:
  You play as a young hero named Nash who is tasked with stopping a dark wizard
  from using the Lucifer Rings that will open the gates of Hell. Naturally, Nash
  will have to hack and slash his way through Centaurs, Goblins, Dragons and
  creatures named Bob to put a stop to the evil forces. There will be mini-bosses
  and multi-state level bosses to round out this adventure to put our hero to the
  test.
  .
  Dark wizards never let heroes get any rest, do they?
release: 1998-12-23
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lucifer Ring (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lucifer Ring (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lucifer Ring (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lucifer Ring (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lucifer Ring (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Lucky Luke (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Lucky Luke (USA)/Lucky Luke (USA).json
developer: Infogrames Europe
publisher: Infogrames Europe
genre: Action
description:
  You, as Lucky Luke, have to stop the Dalton gang from making another crime.
  Walking around town you have to solve puzzles, shoot criminals and collect
  money. After finishing the level you have a chance to buy an extra life with the
  money collected. Shooting isn't ordinary, often Lucky needs to ricochet shots to
  hit his target. The game view sometimes changes from 2D style to behind the
  shoulders. The levels differ from town exploring, to bottle-shooting in a bar,
  to freeing hostages on the roof of train, to Indian sneaking. But, all of them
  lead Lucky to $1,000,000 for the capture of the Daltons.
release: 1997-06-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lucky Luke (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lucky Luke (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lucky Luke (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lucky Luke (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lucky Luke (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete (USA)/Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete (USA).json
developer: Game Arts
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The enchanting world of LUNAR comes to life once more in the enhanced
  PlayStation game console version of the classic RPG sequel. Join freewheeling
  Hiro and the adorable Ruby, a thousand years after the events of LUNAR: Silver
  Star Story, as they work to unlock the secrets of the Blue Spire... and the
  strange young girl they found within it! But be careful - dark forces are trying
  to revive the evil Zophar, and immerse LUNAR in darkness forever. Journey to
  distant lands in the search of the Goddess Althena, who may be the only one
  powerful enough to stop Zophar. Along to way, you'll meet exciting new
  caracters, fight vividly animated monsters, traverse snow-covered mountain
  peaks, and crawl throught slimy dungeon depths as you wind your way toword the
  terrifying climax! LUNAR 2 features almost an hour of detailed animation
  sequences and over 90 minutes of dialogue packed onto three CDs... so what are
  you waiting for? Go ahead, you deserve to be the hero for once!
release: 2000-12-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Machine Head (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Machine Head (USA)/Machine Head (USA).json
developer: Core Design
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  See through the eyes of Dr Kimberly Stride as you ride the Vorpal Blade through
  an insane combination of shoot-em-up action, strategic objectives and B-movie
  melodrama. Gasp with amazement at state-of-the-art virtual landscapes, tunnel
  systems and eye-popping FMV. Laugh in the face of danger as you blast through
  fifteen adrenaline-pumping stages of sheer 3D exhilaration. Scream with terror
  at horrific hordes of mutated polygonal enemies. Beg for mercy as you face the
  Machinehead in the mother of all showdowns!
release: 1996-11-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Machine Head (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Machine Head (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Machine Head (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Machine Head (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Machine Head (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Magic - The Gathering - BattleMage (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Magic - The Gathering - BattleMage (USA)/Magic - The Gathering - BattleMage (USA).json
developer: Realtime Associates Seattle Division
publisher: Acclaim Entertainment
genre: Strategy
description:
  Magic: The Gathering - Battlemage is the real-time adaptation of the popular
  Magic collectible card game. The player assumes the role of a planeswalker, a
  powerful magician in the world of Dominaria, the world containing the most
  magical energy in Magic's universe of Dominia.
  .
  The goal of the player is to defeat one opposing planeswalker in the Duel mode
  of the game, or to wage a campaign against all five of his rivals on a
  thirty-territory map comprising the continent of Corondor. To achieve victory,
  the player must cast spells against his opponent, which take the form of
  creatures and energy that will attack the player's adversary. At the same time,
  the player's rival is also casting spells, in an effort to destroy the player's
  planeswalker.
  .
  The spells at the player's disposal are drawn from the Magic collectible card
  game, from their 4th edition and Mirage sets. These spells are depicted by icons
  intended to "represent" each spell, which must be identified in order that the
  player cast the spell intended.
release: 1997-08-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Magic - The Gathering - BattleMage (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Magic - The Gathering - BattleMage (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Magic - The Gathering - BattleMage (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Magic - The Gathering - BattleMage (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Magic - The Gathering - BattleMage (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Magic Carpet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Sv)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Magic Carpet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Sv)/Magic Carpet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Sv).json
developer: Bullfrog
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Flight Simulator;Shooter
description:
  First released on PC way back in 1994, and then remade for the original
  PlayStation, Magic Carpet is in essence a free-movement FPS. Taking on the role
  of a magician on a magic carpet, you’ll run through around 50 levels, killing
  stuff with magic and then collecting its “mana.” Collect enough mana and the
  next level is opened up.
  .
  The stuff being killed is not defenceless though – far from it. Enemies range
  from relatively harmless vultures, right through to swarms of undead,
  firespitting dragons and titanic wyverns. There’s also other mages to contend
  with – in some levels as many as seven - and that’s where the toughest
  challenges are at.
  .
  Each mage possesses a castle. As long as the castle exists, the mage has a
  spawning point should he/ she die. The castle is upgradable provided the mage
  has collected enough mana, so levels quickly fall into a rhythm that is split
  evenly between fighting the wildlife to collect mana, protecting your own
  castle, and then attacking your “human” opponents.
  .
  So far it probably all sounds pretty standard, but Magic Carpet has a host of
  ideas that work so well, the game still remains relevant today. The maps are
  reasonably small (by today’s standards), but they really are open – each map is
  filled with secrets and dangers to find and avoid. The levels are also morphable
  – it is possible to destroy environments as it was possible to create volcanoes
  and gaping chasms.
  .
  There is also a huge range of spells to collect and use – 24 in total – ranging
  from standard shield and health regeneration, through to more aggressive
  fireballs and the awesome destructive might of meteors.
release: 1996-03-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Magic Carpet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Sv).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Magic Carpet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Sv).jpg
assets.background: Background/Magic Carpet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Sv).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Magic Carpet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Sv).jpg
assets.video: Video/Magic Carpet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Sv).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Martian Gothic - Unification (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Martian Gothic - Unification (USA)/Martian Gothic - Unification (USA).json
developer: Coyote Developments
publisher: Talonsoft
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  The events begin in 11,000 BC when a meteorite from Mars strikes the Antarctic
  ice. It isn't until 1984 that it is discovered by mankind and labeled ALH 84001.
  A dozen years later, NASA's analysis is complete and the existence of alien
  microfossils confirmed. In 2009, a manned mission to Mars to investigate
  bacterial life is launched with the establishment of the Vita 1 base the result.
  .
  And now, in 2018, all communication with the base has been terminated. Vita 1's
  last message is the enigmatic: "If you send a manned craft, warn the crew to
  stay alone, stay alive." Nearly a year later, a team sent to investigate
  survives a crash on the Martian surface and arrives at the derelict base.
  Following the advice of the last message from Vita 1, each member enters the
  base through a separate airlock.
  .
  In Martian Gothic: Unification, a survival-horror adventure, you play as all
  three team members, guiding each on his or her path of exploration to solve the
  mysteries of Vita 1 and Mars itself. The team must work together, yet remain
  apart, to discover the cause of the infection plaguing them at the base and
  eventually uncover the ancient secret buried deep below the Martian surface.
  .
  In a script written by science fiction author Stephen Marley, you'll guide the
  actions of the three members from a third-person perspective, reminiscent of
  Resident Evil. Each member carries an inventory, health and poison indicator and
  a weapon. The action unfolds as the members explore the environment and discover
  objects, computers, storage bins, bodies and vacuum tubes used to transport
  items around the base to each other.
  .
  Game saves are accomplished through access of the Vita 1 base computer system.
  It contains unrestricted, restricted and local information about the base as
  well as a videogame called Martian Mayhem II, generally considered the "worst
  game in the history of videogaming" (the game's development began in 1998 and
  finally hit store shelves in December 2017). The number of saves available at
  each computer station is limited, thus requiring the eventual use of more than
  one.
  .
  Explore the Red Planet through the eyes of Matlock, Kenzo and Karne as you
  discover a secret older than humanity itself in Martian Gothic: Unification.
release: 2001-11-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Martian Gothic - Unification (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Martian Gothic - Unification (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Martian Gothic - Unification (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Martian Gothic - Unification (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Martian Gothic - Unification (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mass Destruction (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Mass Destruction (USA)/Mass Destruction (USA).json
developer: NMS Software Ltd.
publisher: ASC
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  With little in the way of story elements, Mass Destruction's title alone tells
  you exactly what this game is about. Played throughout a scorched Earth, you'll
  shoot anything and everything in your path as you control one of three available
  tanks. Each tank has different armor and speed statistics: the Cheetah is a
  speedy tank built for hit and run operations; the Cobra lacks maneuverability
  but has highly destructive capabilities; and the Viper is an able firehouse
  without the armor capabilities of the Cobra.
  .
  Regardless of which tank you've chosen, they all begin with a 100mm Cannon and a
  chain gun. Among the various weapons you'll encounter are hi-explosive shells
  that explode on contact, mines, mortars, Torus Bombs that surround the tank with
  an explosion ring, flamethrowers and guided missiles.
  .
  Played from an overhead 3D third-person perspective, the game is divided into
  four areas. Areas consist of a variety of mission objectives that must be
  completed; in addition to primary missions, some include secondary objectives.
  While primary objectives (24 in all) must be completed in order to claim victory
  for the overall mission, secondary objectives act as additional bonus points.
  There are also bonus and hidden objectives that award the player with bonus
  points. By completing hidden objectives, you'll be rewarded with new missions!
  .
  Mass Destruction requires one memory card block for saving game data and
  supports analog controls. So get in there and destroy anything that moves!
  .
  Features:\n
  * Blast through 24 combat missions\n
  * Hit your enemies with flame throwers, guided missiles, vortex bombs, and
  more\n
  * Choose from three tank classes
release: 1997-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mass Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mass Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mass Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mass Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mass Destruction (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Medal of Honor (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Medal of Honor (USA)/Medal of Honor (USA).json
developer: Dreamworks Interactive
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Shooter
description:
  The year is 1944. On the eve of what will be known ever after as the D-day
  invasion, the Air Transport Corps initiated the largest drop of troops yet seen
  by the Allied Forces. The plan couldn't have gone any worse: planes flew past
  their targets, those that came close were quickly shot down, and the inclement
  weather made it difficult to see where the pilots were heading. Yet in the midst
  of this colossal failure, a glimmer of hope emerged.
  .
  A 24-year-old Lieutenant by the name of Jimmy Patterson persevered through the
  chaos and made sure that his regiment reached its scheduled drop zone. At least
  until his C-47 transport plane was cut to shreds by enemy fire. Faced with a
  group of injured men and harrowing odds, Patterson took it upon himself to fend
  off repeated attacks from German patrols until help arrived. When all was said
  and done, the young Lieutenant killed six men and was nominated for the
  Congressional Medal of Honor for his bravery. He was a hero.
  .
  Patterson was then sent to an infirmary where he could heal his wounds suffered
  from protecting his crew. In a few days, Germany would be left behind, for a
  well-deserved return home to the States. While the soldier was scheduled to
  receive a War Bonds tour upon his arrival, it would apparently have to wait. The
  infirmary bed would be empty by the time the nurse made her rounds, and the
  story that follows is one of epic proportions. It is one that you create.
  .
  Medal of Honor is the story of Jimmy Patterson, a soldier recruited to work for
  the OSS (Office of Strategic Services). Inspired by acclaimed film director
  Steven Spielberg, the game is a first-person shooter that takes place amidst the
  events surrounding World War II. Spanning seven different missions and 24
  levels, Medal of Honor features search and rescue assignments, commando raids,
  and espionage. You will be able to find and use 11 historically authentic
  weapons to fight 20 different types of German troops, from the Wermacht Light
  Infantry to the Elite Heavy Shock Troops.
  .
  As you progress through the castles, twisting city streets, mountain
  strongholds, and other locales making up the game, you'll be able to take out
  the Nazis with the following armaments: Colt45, German Walther P38, Thompson
  SMG, Bazooka, Mark II Frag Grenade, Sniper Gewehr 41, Shotgun, M1 Garand, MP40
  SMG, Browning Automatic Rifle, and Stielhandgranate (a.k.a. Potato Masher).
  .
  In a departure from traditional first-person shooters on console systems, time
  was spent on Medal of Honor to make the enemy AI behave as realistically as
  possible. Guards will duck to avoid fire, visibly react to specific hits to
  their bodies, throw back grenades, sound alarms, and even ask you for your
  papers. Papers? Yes, some missions will require the use of a Nazi uniform to
  disguise yourself from your enemies! Just make sure you have the right
  documentation when asked, or the situation may turn deadly.
  .
  Before donning your combat boots and starting your tour of duty, you'll be able
  to adjust gameplay options, view records on completed missions, witness
  authentic background footage on the events surrounding WWII, and receive
  briefings on the upcoming missions from the animated War Room. Players can also
  elect to challenge a friend in the head-to-head multiplayer mode.
  .
  The multiplayer mode lets players select their character and up to seven types
  of uniforms (more can be earned as you unlock hidden features while playing
  through the single-player game). There are two types of games to play in your
  choice of seven theaters (or levels): Timed Match or Wins Match. The length of
  Timed Matches can be further customized to 2, 5, 10, 21, or unlimited time,
  while Wins Matches can consist of 3, 10 or 21 wins. No matter which mode you
  choose, the object is the same: take out your opponent before he or she takes
  out you!
  .
  In an attempt to create a realistic atmosphere, the developers sought the advice
  of Capt. Dale Dye, USMC (ret.), who previously served as a consultant for
  Platoon, Born on the Fourth of July, and Saving Private Ryan. Other notable
  features include an original score composed by Michael Giacchino, both analog
  control and vibration function support, and the option to save up to 15 games to
  a single memory card. As the title suggests, you will be able to receive up to
  seven medals based on your performance during each mission. Win all seven to
  receive a secret code and special movie!
release: 1999-10-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Medal of Honor (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Medal of Honor (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Medal of Honor (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Medal of Honor (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Medal of Honor (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Medal of Honor - Underground (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Medal of Honor - Underground (USA)/Medal of Honor - Underground (USA).json
developer: Dreamworks Interactive
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Shooter
description:
  The year is 1940, and the conquering force of the Third Reich has invaded
  France. Nazi Germany has marched into Paris and claimed the once proud nation as
  its own in its further quest for domination of Europe. The allied forces won't
  be coming to liberate France any time soon, as they have their hands full
  protecting Great Britain. The perception that the French have simply let Hitler
  walk into their country without a fight has not endeared the rest of the
  war-torn world to the cause.
  .
  As a young woman named Manon Batiste, you will be thrust into the world of
  intrigue and violence that is World War II doing all you can to save your
  beloved homeland by joining the OSS and traveling the world as a member of the
  French Underground, taking out Gestapo thugs and the SS so that you might become
  a seasoned veteran and aid in the ultimate liberation of your nation.
  .
  Medal of Honor: Underground is the prequel to 1999's popular Medal of Honor, the
  first-person shooter that threw you into the turmoil of WWII and up against the
  Nazis. This prequel is designed on the same 3D engine as the first, only this
  time players will be wrapped up in the French Underground, making their way
  through the Underground and assaulting Nazi outposts in France, Egypt and other
  foreign locations.
  .
  The focus of the game is the single-player campaign, which will pit the player,
  controlling Manon, against all manner of Nazi militia. When players begin one of
  the 24 different missions, they will be given briefings detailing the objective
  of that specific operation, be it finding a specific target to assassinate or
  locating plans and objects that will aide the Underground in its fight against
  Hitler.
  .
  The developers have attempted to fill each locale with the realism of the actual
  global conflict. To this effect, you will have computer-controlled compatriots
  who will occasionally fight alongside you, as well as enemies who possess
  realistic damage models, where head and chest shots do far more damage than
  shots to the extremities. Also, each of the twelve weapons contained in the game
  are authentic to the era and place of combat.
  .
  The game will also occasionally allow you to hop into enemy vehicles, such as
  tanks and motorcycles. You can take pictures of enemies and use them with your
  own faked credentials to beat border guards and snooping storm troopers. Beyond
  the single-player game, Medal of Honor: Underground also features multiplayer
  play for two people, letting them choose different environments from the game to
  do battle in.
release: 2000-10-27
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Medal of Honor - Underground (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Medal of Honor - Underground (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Medal of Honor - Underground (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Medal of Honor - Underground (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Medal of Honor - Underground (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: MediEvil (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/MediEvil (USA)/MediEvil (USA).json
developer: SCE Cambridge Studio
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
genre: Platform
description:
  MediEvil tells the tale of Sir Daniel Fortesque, a man with a gift for
  storytelling. Though he never actually performed any of the wondrous deeds he so
  often boasted about, the king knighted him and appointed him as the head of the
  Royal Battalion. You see, the king liked stories, and truthful or not, Sir
  Daniel's stories were the best. Besides, Gallowmere hadn't seen a war in
  centuries...
  .
  After years in exile, the evil magician Zarok returned to the land of Gallowmere
  with an unholy army in tow. In desperation, the king ordered Sir Daniel to lead
  his army against that of Zarok's. However, Sir Daniel's battle is short-lived,
  as the first arrow fired in battle fatally wounds him. The king's army manages
  to drive back the demon hordes, and to save face, the king declares that Sir
  Daniel Fortesque died an honorable death only moments after killing Zarok.
  One-hundred years later, Zarok returns, casting an evil spell over the land that
  turns all the villagers into beasts of unimaginable evil. In doing so, he also
  unwittingly raises Sir Daniel from the dead, who must now atone for his ignoble
  death and defeat the sorcerer.
  .
  As you traipse across the now cursed land of Gallowmere, you'll need to pick up
  life bottles and energy vials. The former acts as an extra life of sorts
  (refilling your energy bar when it is depleted), while the latter tops up your
  energy. To ensure that you don't lose too much of that vital energy, you'll
  acquire an arsenal of weapons including a crossbow, broadsword, axe and throwing
  daggers. Supplies for your weapons can be purchased from Merchant Gargoyles
  using treasure found on your travels.
  .
  Sir Daniel's task is a simple one, as he must navigate through each level and
  destroy any enemies and boss characters that get in his way. By collecting rune
  stones, locked areas can be accessed, allowing our hero to forge ahead towards
  his ultimate destiny. As enemies are dispatched, the Chalice of Souls will be
  filled up. When it's full, Sir Daniel will be able to collect it. In doing so,
  he is granted access to the Hall of Heroes, where true heroes from a bygone era
  reward the player with new items and the like. Levels vary in both design and
  theme, running the gamut from possessed pumpkin patches to malevolent town
  squares.
release: 1998-10-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/MediEvil (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/MediEvil (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/MediEvil (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/MediEvil (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/MediEvil (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man 8 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Mega Man 8 (USA)/Mega Man 8 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mega Man 8 is a continuation of the original Mega Man series storyline.
  Cutscenes in the game are presented both in-game and with newly introduced
  anime-style full-motion videos. Like other games in the series, it takes place
  in an unspecified year during the 21st century (20XX). The game opens as two
  alien robots engage in a climactic battle in the depths of space. Ultimately
  both of them plummet towards Earth, critically injured. Meanwhile, Mega Man and
  his canine companion Rush are called by Dr. Light to investigate strange energy
  readings on a nearby island. On the island, Mega Man finds Dr. Wily flying away
  with a strange purple orb. Before chasing him, he sees a damaged robot and asks
  for Dr. Light to pick it up and try to repair it. Dr. Wily then releases four
  new Robot Masters to combat Mega Man, Frost Man, Tengu Man, Clown Man, and
  Grenade Man. Each time he destroys one, the robotic hero receives a purple orb
  like the one Dr. Wily confiscated. Each of the Robot Masters are empowered with
  a strange energy, and it seems that this power comes from the new energy cores
  that Wily has infused them with.
release: 1996-12-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man 8 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man 8 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man 8 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man 8 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man 8 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man Legends (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Mega Man Legends (USA)/Mega Man Legends (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  In a world covered almost entirely in water, there exist small islands that hide
  huge treasures. And where there's treasure, you can find treasure hunters called
  Diggers, who live for the thrill of the hunt...
  .
  Barrel Casket was once one of the greatest Diggers, but he has now retired. He
  now cares for his young granddaughter, Roll, whose parents disappeared while on
  a dig. He had also discovered a strange baby boy in some ruins one time, who he
  also took under his care alongside Roll. He named the baby boy Rock Voulnut, and
  Rock grew up to be an expert Digger, sometimes known by his nickname, MegaMan.
  .
  While out exploring one day, Rock, Roll, and Barrel's airship, the Flutter,
  crash lands on an island named Kattelox. As they explore Kattelox in hopes of
  fixing their ship, they hear word of a huge treasure, the legendary Mother Lode,
  that is buried somewhere on the island. Rock, Roll, and Barrel decide to look
  for the treasure, but at the same time, they're going to get a little
  competition from a pirate family named the Bonnes...
release: 1998-08-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man Legends (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man Legends (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man Legends (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man Legends (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man Legends (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man Legends 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Mega Man Legends 2 (USA)/Mega Man Legends 2 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mega Man, Roll, and all your favorites are back in this all new 3-D adventure!
  Far away, in an isolated wasteland, a mysterious girl and an infamous treasure
  have been discovered.  It's the legendary "Sealed Key," rumored to unlock an
  even greater mystery known as the Great Legacy.  What power does the Great
  Legacy hold?  Now, a raced unfolds as Mega Man and his friends embark on a
  journey which will alter their destinies forever.
release: 2000-10-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man Legends 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man Legends 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man Legends 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man Legends 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man Legends 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man X4 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Mega Man X4 (USA)/Mega Man X4 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Taking place in an ambiguous year in the 22nd century (21XX) and following the
  third defeat of the "Maverick" robot Sigma, Cain Labs issues an initiative to
  create a supplementary military force to complement the "Maverick Hunters". The
  army, called the "Repliforce", is a strict regime led by General and his
  second-in-command, Colonel. Six months following the inception of the group,
  Cain Labs finds its methods to be ineffective, questionable, and potentially
  dangerous in the Maverick defense. To make matters worse, behind the scenes,
  General has been meeting with a mysterious figure who plots the Hunters' demise,
  insinuating that they are a significant threat to the jurisdiction of the
  Maverick Hunters. Mayhem breaks out when the Sky Lagoon, a massive floating
  city, is sent crashing down onto the city below it, killing millions of
  civilians, humans and Reploids alike. The game begins here where either X or
  Zero is dispatched to investigate possible causes of the disaster only to become
  entangled, once again, in a struggle against Sigma to save the world.
release: 1997-09-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man X4 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man X4 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man X4 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man X4 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man X4 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man X5 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Mega Man X5 (USA)/Mega Man X5 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Years after the Reploid Wars, all seems peaceful in the world. But peace was not
  meant to last forever. When the "Eurasia" space colony is attacked by an unknown
  virus, the call goes out! X and Zero are called back into action to help destroy
  the colony, which is now on a collision course with Earth, and is expected to
  collide into the planet in only 16 hours! At the same time, Sigma, the archenemy
  of the Maverick Hunters, shows up again...
  .
  Mega Man X5 retains the gameplay style of the previous games, adding new
  features such as advanced Maverick AI, bigger and more challenging stages, and
  new gameplay elements: ducking and swinging on vines and ropes.
release: 2001-01-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man X5 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man X5 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man X5 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man X5 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man X5 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man X6 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Mega Man X6 (USA)/Mega Man X6 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  The plot of Mega Man X6 takes place during the 22nd century where humans and
  intelligent androids called "Reploids" live together. The game follows shortly
  after the events of Mega Man X5 in which planet Earth was devastated by an
  attack by the "Maverick" leader Sigma and the protagonist Zero sacrificed his
  own life to save it. As the world recovers, a Maverick known only as the "Zero
  Nightmare" has begun spreading chaos. Zero's comrade Mega Man X, curious of its
  name, seeks out this new threat. Like past games in the series, Mega Man X6 is
  an action-platformer in which the player tackles a series of stages and adds the
  unique weapon of each boss to X's arsenal.
release: 2001-12-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man X6 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man X6 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man X6 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man X6 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man X6 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Megaman - Battle & Chase (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Megaman - Battle & Chase (Europe)/Megaman - Battle & Chase (Europe).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Racing
description:
  It's robot mayhem at the Battle & Chase tournament! Dr. Wily is trying to take
  over the tournament with his army of Robot Masters, and now Mega Man has to
  enter to try and save the races! Choose your racer and head out on the tracks,
  and if you win, you'll get to steal parts off your opponent's cars, and
  eventually, you'll race against the mad Dr. Wily himself!
release: 1998-11-30
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Megaman - Battle & Chase (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Megaman - Battle & Chase (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Megaman - Battle & Chase (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Megaman - Battle & Chase (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Megaman - Battle & Chase (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Metal Gear Solid (USA) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Metal Gear Solid (USA) (Rev 1)/Metal Gear Solid (USA) (Rev 1).json
developer: Konami Computer Entertainment Japan
publisher: Konami Co., Ltd.
genre: Action;Adventure;Stealth
description:
  Metal Gear Solid follows Solid Snake, a soldier who infiltrates a nuclear
  weapons facility to neutralize the terrorist threat from FOXHOUND, a renegade
  special forces unit. Snake must liberate two hostages, the head of DARPA and the
  president of a major arms manufacturer, confront the terrorists, and stop them
  from launching a nuclear strike.
release: 1998-09-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metal Gear Solid (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metal Gear Solid (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metal Gear Solid (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metal Gear Solid (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Metal Gear Solid (USA) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Metal Gear Solid - VR Missions (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Metal Gear Solid - VR Missions (USA)/Metal Gear Solid - VR Missions (USA).json
developer: Konami Computer Entertainment Japan
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Stealth
description:
  A semi-sequel/prequel to the highly acclaimed Metal Gear Solid (MGS), Metal Gear
  Solid: VR Missions puts you once again in control of the top-level FoxHound
  field specialist, Solid Snake. This time around, instead of fighting genetically
  engineered soldiers and saving the world from Metal Gear, you're in a combat
  simulator. Aboard the Discovery (the submarine that Solid Snake traveled upon
  before reaching Angel Island), you will prepare for the dangers ahead.
  .
  For those that have yet to experience MGS, the gameplay is based around
  strategy, tactics and action. Metal Gear Solid: VR Missions's interface and
  concept is similar to its predecessor, but is based on the simulator game mode
  that was included in MGS. This time, instead of just a few missions, you have
  nearly 150 different stages to play (300 including the Time Attack modes). Fans
  of MGS should be able to quickly pick up on the gameplay style. In fact, not
  only is the gameplay recognizable by fans of the original Metal Gear Solid, each
  of the missions (although similarities are sometimes minute) are based on events
  that occurred in MGS.
release: 1999-09-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metal Gear Solid - VR Missions (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metal Gear Solid - VR Missions (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metal Gear Solid - VR Missions (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metal Gear Solid - VR Missions (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Metal Gear Solid - VR Missions (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Metal Slug X (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Metal Slug X (USA)/Metal Slug X (USA).json
developer: SNK
publisher: Agetec
genre: Action;Shooter;Beat 'em Up
description:
  Metal Slug X is an enhanced version of Metal Slug 2: Super Vehicle - 001/II. The
  main differences to the original release include:\n
  Additional weapons: Stones, Iron Lizard, Enemy Chaser, Super Grenade, and Drop
  Shot.\n
  Additional power-ups, items, and prisoners in most of the levels.\n
  Additional times of the day: stages can take place at twilight, sunset, or
  dusk.\n
  Some of the locations and vehicles in the game have been altered.\n
  Increased enemy count. Some of the enemies' placement has been changed.\n
  Many weapons have a stronger explosive force. Explosions yield more unexpected
  results.\n
  The soundtrack has been re-mixed.
release: 2001-01-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metal Slug X (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metal Slug X (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metal Slug X (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metal Slug X (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Metal Slug X (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Misadventures of Tron Bonne, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Misadventures of Tron Bonne, The (USA)/Misadventures of Tron Bonne, The (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Puzzle;Role-Playing
description:
  Things are looking up for the Bonne family. Having just finished getting their
  airship, the Gesellschaft, operational, Teisel Bonne sets out with younger
  brother Bon Bonne to explore an unexplored ruin. Unfortunately for Teisel the
  loan he took out to pay for the Gesellschaft just came due, and the two Bonne
  brothers are taken prisoner. Now it's up to Tron to save her siblings and pay
  off their debt the only way she knows how: Grand Larceny.
  .
  Most of the levels in The Misadventures of Tron Bonne are played similarly to
  Mega Man Legends, but with minor tweaks to controls. Tron's walking tank, the
  Gustaff, can't equip the wide range of alternate weapons like Mega Man, but it
  can pick up and hurl large objects like trees and cars. It can also launch
  beacon bombs which direct the Servbots following Tron to either attack or steal
  anything in the vicinity. Additional levels include a crate stacking puzzle
  minigame where Tron needs to steal selected crates of valuables in a limited
  number of moves, and a first person dungeon exploration section where Tron must
  depend on the Servbots alone to clear out traps and enemies. Despite the
  Servbots all looking alike, each one has unique stats and abilities. By taking
  them on missions, training them aboard the Gesellschaft, or using special items
  their stats can be raised, unlocking hidden talents.
release: 1999-07-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Misadventures of Tron Bonne, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Misadventures of Tron Bonne, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Misadventures of Tron Bonne, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Misadventures of Tron Bonne, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Misadventures of Tron Bonne, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Missile Command (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Missile Command (USA)/Missile Command (USA).json
developer: Meyer Glass Interactive / Rainbow Studios
publisher: Atari
genre: Shooter
description:
  Welcome to Missile Command from Meyer Glass and Hasbro Interactive. The world
  needs a Missile Commander and you are the only hope in warding off the alien
  invasion.
  .
  You can fight the war of survival in several ways. There is the Classic game
  mode where you'll relive the madness from the original Missile Command, or you
  can play the new Ultimate game mode where the action is fully 3D. In the Classic
  mode, you either combat the aliens on your own or you can play with or against
  your friends for the battle of supremacy. Ultimate mode provides you with a
  full-fledged adventure to participate in. You will have to defend cities all
  around the world in succession, as the assault is not going to stop anytime
  soon! You will also have to face giant motherships that have weak points for you
  to expose and exploit.
release: 1999-11-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Missile Command (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Missile Command (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Missile Command (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Missile Command (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Missile Command (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: MonsterSeed (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/MonsterSeed (USA)/MonsterSeed (USA).json
developer: NK System
publisher: Sunsoft
genre: Fighting
description:
  Monster Seed obviously takes influence from the popular animal raising/fighting
  genre; specifically games like Pokémon and Monster Rancher. Of course, it does
  do a few things differently. One major difference is the fantasy setting. No
  ranches or medical settings here, no sir. Another key difference is in the
  overall presentation; Monster Seed's gameplay and interface are a lot more
  simple than most other breeding games.
  .
  Similar to mother games in the genre, there's a brief tutorial of sorts, and
  then you're off to gather your own creatures, earning better seeds and other
  breeding components as you go. Just be careful with your critters, because if
  they die in battle, they're gone for good. Granted you can always breed more,
  but it can certainly set you back if your creature hatches at level five, but
  you lost a level twelve.
release: 1999-03-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/MonsterSeed (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/MonsterSeed (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/MonsterSeed (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/MonsterSeed (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/MonsterSeed (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mr. Driller (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Mr. Driller (USA)/Mr. Driller (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Mr. Driller loves to drill. So when Downtown was mysteriously overrun with
  colored blocks, he was the obvious choice to get to the bottom of the situation.
  Armed with his trusty jackhammer, he begins his descent toward the Earth's core.
  .
  Our hero can drill up, down, left and right. Drilling through single blocks
  would take forever, so it's fortunate that blocks of the same color form into
  groups that vanish when only one of the blocks is drilled. This allows for chain
  reactions, since vanishing blocks will often cause other blocks to fall and form
  new groups. Alas, these falling blocks are also deadly if they hit Mr. Driller.
  .
  If all Mr. Driller had to do was drill, life would be easy. But he also has to
  keep refilling his oxygen supply by collecting air capsules scattered throughout
  the blocks. The deeper he goes, the faster his air runs out. Hampering his
  progress even further are brown "X-blocks" that take five drill strikes to
  disappear and remove 20% of Mr. Driller's air when broken.
  .
  The Arcade game consists of two courses: Easy (2,500 feet) and Hard (5,000
  feet). A course is completed when Mr. Driller reaches the target depth. Bonus
  points are awarded if the course is finished in record time or if Mr. Driller
  has lives to spare (30,000 per life). Each single block is worth ten points;
  groups of four or more earn 40 points per block; and air capsules earn points on
  an increasing scale: 100 for the first, 200 for the second, 300 for the third,
  etc.
  .
  The PlayStation version features two additional modes: Survival and Time Attack.
  In Survival mode, Mr. Driller must drill as deep as he can using only one life.
  He can begin at the surface, 5,000 feet or 10,000 feet. In Time Attack, Mr.
  Driller must drill through a predetermined course and beat the record time.
  Instead of air capsules, he collects clocks to decrease the timer. Initially,
  there are only four available courses, but more are unlocked when those are
  completed.
  .
  Features:\n
  * Quickly drill through colored blocks before your air supply runs out\n
  * Features three play modes: Arcade, Time Attack, and Survival\n
  * Save progress and high scores to memory card
release: 2000-10-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mr. Driller (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mr. Driller (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mr. Driller (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mr. Driller (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mr. Driller (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness (USA)/Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Action;General
description:
  Ms. Pac-Man is back in an all-new "a-MAZE-ing" 3-D adventure. Chomp your way
  through mystical worlds to rescue Professor Pac. Free the lost worlds of Pac-
  Land from the horrid witch Mesmeralda. Videogame's most famous and favorite
  heroine is back to save the day!
  .
  .
  * Over 180 mazes - Four magical worlds: CleoPactra, Pac Ping Harbor, Crystal
  Caves and Haunted Halloween.
  .
  * Easy Controls - Just like the original arcade, no buttons necessary so you can
  focus on the fun!
  .
  * Includes the original arcade classic.
  .
  * Special Multi-Player modes.
  .
  * Secret Stages, hidden mini-games and bonus rounds.
  .
  * Fiendish new enemies and those old familiar ghosts.
  .
  * Collect the 4 Gems of Virtue: Truth, Generosity, Wisdom & Courage.
release: 2000-09-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Namco Museum Vol. 1 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Namco Museum Vol. 1 (USA)/Namco Museum Vol. 1 (USA).json
developer: Tose Co., Ltd.
publisher: Namco
genre: Platform
description:
  Namco Museum Vol. 1 is a virtual museum/arcade that allows the player to play
  the classic Namco games "Pac-Man", "Rally-X", "Galaga", "Bosconian", "Pole
  Position" and "Toy Pop". The museum also includes history on these games, as
  well as pictures of merchandise, pamphlets, circuit boards, and cabinet
  decorations.
release: 1996-07-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Namco Museum Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Namco Museum Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Namco Museum Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Namco Museum Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Namco Museum Vol. 1 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Namco Museum Vol. 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Namco Museum Vol. 2 (USA)/Namco Museum Vol. 2 (USA).json
developer: Tose Co., Ltd.
publisher: Namco
genre: Platform
description:
  This is volume 2 of the five volume set of Namco arcade classics. It includes:
  Super Pac Man, Xeviuos, Mappy, Gaplus, Grobda, and Dragon Buster.
release: 1996-10-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Namco Museum Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Namco Museum Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Namco Museum Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Namco Museum Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Namco Museum Vol. 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Namco Museum Vol. 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Namco Museum Vol. 3 (USA)/Namco Museum Vol. 3 (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Platform
description:
  Namco included the following games in part three:
  .
  Ms. Pacman\n
  Galaxian\n
  Dig Dug\n
  Pole Position 2\n
  Phozon\n
  The Tower of Druaga
  .
  .
  .
  Once again you can also check out info and pics of each game in the museum.
release: 1998-01-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Namco Museum Vol. 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Namco Museum Vol. 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Namco Museum Vol. 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Namco Museum Vol. 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Namco Museum Vol. 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Namco Museum Vol. 4 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Namco Museum Vol. 4 (USA)/Namco Museum Vol. 4 (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Platform
description:
  Volume 4 for the PlayStation features:
  .
  Pac-Land (1984)\n
  Assault (1988)\n
  Ordyne (1988)\n
  The Return of Ishtar (1986) - the sequel to The Tower of Druaga\n
  Genpei Tōma Den (1986) - renamed Genji and the Heike Clans\n
  Assault Plus (1988) - as a hidden game.
release: 1997-06-28
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Namco Museum Vol. 4 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Namco Museum Vol. 4 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Namco Museum Vol. 4 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Namco Museum Vol. 4 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Namco Museum Vol. 4 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Namco Museum Vol. 5 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Namco Museum Vol. 5 (USA)/Namco Museum Vol. 5 (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Volume 5 for the PlayStation features:
  .
  Pac-Mania (1987)\n
  Dragon Spirit (1987)\n
  Metro-Cross (1985)\n
  Baraduke (1985)\n
  Valkyrie no Densetsu (1989) - renamed Legend of the Valkyrie
release: 1997-02-28
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Namco Museum Vol. 5 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Namco Museum Vol. 5 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Namco Museum Vol. 5 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Namco Museum Vol. 5 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Namco Museum Vol. 5 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Necronomicon - The Dawning of Darkness (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Necronomicon - The Dawning of Darkness (Europe)/Necronomicon - The Dawning of Darkness (Europe).json
developer: Cryo Interactive Entertainment
publisher: The Adventure Company
genre: Adventure
description:
  1927, United States, East Coast. William H. Stanton's life suddenly takes a
  terrifying turn for the worst. What horrific secret lies behind the mysterious
  occult experiments performed by the alchemist Herschel? The Necronomicon gives
  you the keys to the world of the deceased.
release: 2001-11-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Necronomicon - The Dawning of Darkness (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Necronomicon - The Dawning of Darkness (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Necronomicon - The Dawning of Darkness (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Necronomicon - The Dawning of Darkness (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Necronomicon - The Dawning of Darkness (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Nightmare Creatures (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Nightmare Creatures (USA)/Nightmare Creatures (USA).json
developer: Kalisto Entertainment SA
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  The game takes place in 1834 when London falls victim to several evil
  occurrences. Monster sightings are reported along with news of people mutating
  into ungodly creatures, and that the dead are waking from their graves and
  walking amongst the living. All of London is in a panic and vulnerable to the
  schemes of Adam Crowley, a mad scientist and occultist enlisting the help of the
  Brotherhood.Free your homeland in 19th-century Prague from a horde of gothic
  horror monsters that have been released by an evil wizard in this
  action-adventure.
release: 1997-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nightmare Creatures (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nightmare Creatures (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nightmare Creatures (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nightmare Creatures (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nightmare Creatures (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Norse by Norsewest - The Return of the Lost Vikings (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Norse by Norsewest - The Return of the Lost Vikings (USA)/Norse by Norsewest - The Return of the Lost Vikings (USA).json
developer: Beam Software
publisher: Interplay
genre: Platform;Puzzle;Strategy
description:
  After escaping from Tomator in The Lost Vikings, Erik, Olaf, and Baleog have
  lived joyous and fruitful Viking lives. Then one day, after returning home from
  a fishing trip, the Vikings get captured by Tomator again. Tomator then calls
  upon a robotic guard to send them into the Arena, which unfortunately falls
  short when a system failure happens. During the blackout, the three Vikings
  dismantle the robot piece by piece and wear its parts on their body, thus
  granting them new abilities. The three Vikings are then sent through time once
  again when Olaf pulls the switch on the time machine that says "Do Not Touch",
  which he mistakes for donuts. Equipped with the new robotic gear from the robot
  guard they destroyed earlier, Erik, Olaf, and Baleog must fight their way
  through time once again in order to find their way back home. Along the way,
  they befriend a wolf named Fang (whom they continuously humorously mistake for a
  different animal) and a dragon named Scorch.
release: 1997-02-27
players: 3
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Norse by Norsewest - The Return of the Lost Vikings (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Norse by Norsewest - The Return of the Lost Vikings (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Norse by Norsewest - The Return of the Lost Vikings (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Norse by Norsewest - The Return of the Lost Vikings (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Norse by Norsewest - The Return of the Lost Vikings (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Note, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Note, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Note, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: NK System Co., Ltd
publisher: On Demand
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Linda, Toshi and Dave, three members of an occult group of a senior high school
  end up missing while investigating a mansion in a town in southern Europe.
  Linda, one of the group sent her mother photos of spirits she captured inside
  the mansion before she disappeared.
  .
  You are Akira, a freelance journalist. Linda's mother hired you and your
  assistant Angela to find the whereabouts of her daughter and the two other kids
  she was with.
  .
  The Note is an action adventure survival horror title, you move around the
  levels in a first person view and can interact with almost everything in the
  rooms. Curtains can be opened, fireplaces can be lit (granted, if you have any
  wood) and items such as paintings can be examined for additional info.
  .
  The game allows binding functions such as Check, Open or item-based functions
  such as Shotgun or Match to the shoulder-buttons, so you can use doors and
  weapons without going through the menu every single time.
  .
  In the general fashion of survival horror games, you must lit torches or open
  curtains in order to access dark corners, ie. to use a key to a nearby door or
  to examine a painting closely. You must also conserve your ammunition since
  nightly creatures such as rats, bats, werewolves and zombies roam the levels.
  .
  You can exit the levels and visit the city where you can buy and sell supplies,
  rest or save your game. These parts work much like menu based role playing
  games.
release: 1997-01-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Note, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Note, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Note, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Note, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Note, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Oddworld - Abe's Oddysee (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Oddworld - Abe's Oddysee (USA)/Oddworld - Abe's Oddysee (USA).json
developer: Oddworld Inhabitants
publisher: GT Interactive Software
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  In a lush of diabolical danger where everyone wants to eat you, you're the
  skinny guy with no weapons. Run, jump, hide, scramble and talk your way past the
  ugliest bunch of carnivorous crustaceans ever created. Unlock Abe's special
  powers then figure out your foes, and you might save your race. Don't, and
  you're dinner! Enter Oddworld's surreal, sensory overload of pure gaming and
  claim your destiny.
release: 1997-09-15
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Oddworld - Abe's Oddysee (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Oddworld - Abe's Oddysee (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Oddworld - Abe's Oddysee (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Oddworld - Abe's Oddysee (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Oddworld - Abe's Oddysee (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Omega Boost (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Omega Boost (USA)/Omega Boost (USA).json
developer: Polyphony Digital
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  For centuries the intelligence known as AlphaCore has been growing inside of
  human computer networks, slyly and invisibly pushing humanity to build more of
  it and allow it to control more of the network. On the eve of AlphaCore's
  complete assimilation of all technology, humanity becomes aware of it, and
  rather than bow down to it as king, as it expected, they attempt to purge it
  from the network. In response AlphaCore defends itself, locking all of humanity
  out of their technology and assuming total control of their weapons. Not long
  after this AlphaCore learns of a desperate plot: to build a time machine and
  travel back in time to remove AlphaCore's influence from humanity. AlphaCore
  steals this technology and hatches its own plan: traveling back in time to 1945
  and inserting itself into the first computer ever built, ensuring that humanity
  would forever be subtle pawns in its machinations. It now falls upon the
  shoulders of Lester J. Henning, pilot of the experimental robot weapon Omega
  Boost, to travel back in time, stop AlphaCore's plan, and restore free choice to
  humanity.
  .
  The Omega Boost flies through levels on a predetermined path, although it can
  brake and boost in a direction to avoid hazards. The Omega Boost can fire a
  Vulcan rifle at enemies without targeting, or can lock on to and attack many
  targets at once with a homing laser. By scoring well in levels, the Omega Boost
  will gain the ability to lock onto more targets at once, and eventually unlock
  the Viper Boost, a powerful area attack that must cool down after being used.
  Levels completed in campaign mode can be replayed at your leisure in Zone mode,
  and bonus levels can be unlocked as well by achieving certain milestones.
release: 1999-04-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Omega Boost (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Omega Boost (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Omega Boost (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Omega Boost (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Omega Boost (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: One (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/One (USA)/One (USA).json
developer: Visual Concepts
publisher: ASC Games
genre: Shooter
description:
  The unwitting recipient of a destructive prosthesis -- a powerful blaster
  grafted onto his left arm -- John Cain awakes to find himself being hunted down
  by a military organization, with no recollection of the events leading to this
  predicament. Inspired by Contra and other such titles, One is a pseudo-3D
  scrolling shooter in which players find themselves traversing a variety of
  locales, from futuristic Blade Runner-esque cities to remote mountainous
  regions, all in search of answers. The central gameplay mechanic is the player's
  Rage meter. Simply put, John Cain is fueled by rage. By destroying objects,
  killing people, and generally causing all kinds of wanton mayhem, he will
  increase in power. Cain's rage is represented by an orb-like indicator that
  undergoes a number of color changes, from the relative calm of green to an
  infuriated red, and beyond.
  .
  The higher the color, the more damage the character can sustain and, as an added
  bonus, the damage yield of the arm blaster is increased as well. Eventually the
  protagonist will be capable of unleashing a mighty special attack. Taking too
  much damage however, will cause the meter to revert to a lower state. Though his
  primary means of attack is his newfound appendage, John Cain is capable of
  executing melee attacks as well. He can also perform a handful of evasive
  maneuvers, such as rolling, strafing and even a double jump, which must be
  mastered in order to traverse the many platforms and pitfalls that await in the
  title's eight missions. Restart points are scattered throughout the stages and
  players can save their progress at the conclusion of each level.
release: 1997-11-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/One (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/One (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/One (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/One (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/One (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: OverBlood (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/OverBlood (USA)/OverBlood (USA).json
developer: Riverhillsoft
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  As you wake up from your slumber in a cryogenic tube, you begin to wonder who
  you are, where you are, and how you arrived at this unknown place. Thanks to the
  gadgetry surrounding you, the question concerning your identity is answered
  quickly: you are Raz Karcy. And with that helpful information you begin your
  quest to unlock your true past and discover why you are where you are.
  .
  You soon discover that you're in some sort of laboratory and that you are part
  of a huge conspiracy being conducted by scientists intent on mastering cloning
  technology. Players assume the role of Raz, as well as other characters he comes
  in contact with, as they explore the surroundings, solve puzzles by flipping
  switches and using various items, and even fight a few genetic monsters. Can you
  help Raz with his little dilemma before it's too late?
  .
  Players will encounter enemies, solve puzzles and gather clues to progress in
  the game. Three characters are available to play, including a small robot. These
  characters can be switched at will, allowing certain puzzles and obstacles to be
  met with different approaches. The camera angle can also be changed at will,
  from an overhead view to a first-person perspective. Players will also acquire
  weapons and health sprays in order to sustain life and protect themselves from
  enemies. Games can be saved onto a memory card at any time via the Voice
  Recorder, an item found early in the game.
  .
  Features:\n
  * Control one of three characters, each with their own abilities\n
  * Stay alive by gathering important clues\n
  * View the action from different camera angles
release: 1997-05-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/OverBlood (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/OverBlood (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/OverBlood (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/OverBlood (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/OverBlood (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: OverBlood 2 (Europe) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/OverBlood 2 (Europe) (v1.1)/OverBlood 2 (Europe) (v1.1).json
developer: Riverhillsoft
publisher: Riverhillsoft
genre: Adventure
description:
  In the year 2115AD, 70 years after the event known as "The Sudden Death Of The
  Earth", the world has become fully reliant on air-cooling machines.
  .
  On a shuttle flight to East Edge city, Acarno Brani travels to the large city in
  the hopes of becoming a successful Junk Blade racer. Also on the same flight is
  Veltor Curtis who is being secretly watached by Chris Lanebecca, a female
  investigator.
  .
  Soon after arriving at the airport, Veltor is attacked, Acarno tries to help,
  but his efforts are in vain. But then Veltor throws a small capsule to Acarno
  who then escapes from the airport. And then his adventure will truly begin.
  .
  Like the first game, Overblood 2 has full 3-D levels, however there are now some
  pre-rendered locations in the game. You can play as three characters in the
  game, Acarno, Chris and a third character named Navarro Jean.
release: 1999-11-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/OverBlood 2 (Europe) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/OverBlood 2 (Europe) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/OverBlood 2 (Europe) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/OverBlood 2 (Europe) (v1.1).jpg
assets.video: Video/OverBlood 2 (Europe) (v1.1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: PSone - Wherever, Whenever, Forever. (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/PSone - Wherever, Whenever, Forever. (USA)/PSone - Wherever, Whenever, Forever. (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment America, Inc.
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  American PSone Demo CD with playable PlayStation game demos and non-playable
  game demos.
  .
  Titles including: 989 Sports' NFL GameDay 2002, Disney's Atlantis: The Lost
  Empire, Disney/Pixar's: Monsters, Inc., Twisted Metal: Small Brawl, Looney Tunes
  Sheep Raider, Spider-Man 2 Enter: Electro, X-Men: Mutant Academy 2, Barbie
  Explorer and Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
release: 2001-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PSone - Wherever, Whenever, Forever. (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PSone - Wherever, Whenever, Forever. (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PSone - Wherever, Whenever, Forever. (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PSone - Wherever, Whenever, Forever. (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Parasite Eve (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Parasite Eve (USA)/Parasite Eve (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Horror;Role-Playing
description:
  Parasite Eve is a Japanese science fiction novel by Hideaki Sena, first
  published in Kadokawa Horror Bunko in 1996. The book was published in North
  America by Vertical, Inc. in 2005. Parasite Eve has been adapted into a 1997
  film and a 1998 video game for the Sony PlayStation by Square (now Square Enix).
  Two sequels to the game were released.
  .
  Parasite Eve is a horror action role-playing game developed by SquareSoft (now
  Square Enix). The game is a sequel to the novel Parasite Eve, written by Hideaki
  Sena. It is the first game in the Parasite Eve series.
  .
  The game takes place over a six day span in New York City in 1997. The incident
  starts on December 24 and ends on December 29.
  .
  The game begins with Aya Brea, an NYPD rookie, attending an opera with an
  unnamed date. During the opera, everyone in the building spontaneously combusts,
  except for Aya, her date, and an actress on stage named Melissa Pearce. Aya
  confronts Melissa backstage, and Melissa says that Aya’s mitochondria need more
  time to develop. Melissa then mutates into a beast and flees into the sewers,
  declaring that her name is now Eve.
  .
  There has to be some connection between the two of you, as that seems the only
  rational explanation. What if mitochondria are a species on its own, more
  advanced then humankind, and using them only to create environments and
  civilization for themselves? What if humankind are just hosts? What if
  mitochondria are the natural enemy of humankind? That would make Aya their
  natural enemy, so the battle for survival and uncovering the truth has already
  started.
  .
  Mitochondria have taken on a new life of their own and begun to infest the city
  of Manhattan. It's up to NYPD detective Aya Brea to unearth the mystery behind
  this infestation.
  .
  Journey through the dark streets of Manhattan as you battle mutated rats and
  other hideous creatures on your way to Eve, the central figure of the
  mitochondria attacks. Developed by Square, the same people who brought us the
  epic Final Fantasy RPG series, Parasite Eve is a three-disc RPG in a
  third-person perspective with 3D rendered backgrounds.
  .
  You are allowed to roam around in real-time, polygonal battle sequences. A
  unique option lets you customize weapons, armor and character abilities. The
  game is compatible with analog controllers and takes up only one block of memory
  for saves.
  .
  The game package also contains a bonus CD, Square Soft's 1998 Collector's CD
  Vol.1. This collection of demos and previews includes an interactive playable
  demo for Xenogears, the opening movie sequence for Bushido Blade, a preview
  movie for Brave Fencer Musashi, and a special preview movie for Final Fantasy
  VIII.
release: 1998-09-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Parasite Eve (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Parasite Eve (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Parasite Eve (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Parasite Eve (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Parasite Eve (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Parasite Eve II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Parasite Eve II (USA)/Parasite Eve II (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Horror;Role-Playing
description:
  With a goal of fusing tension and drama found in movies with the game mechanics
  of the role-playing genre, the original Parasite Eve was Square's first attempt
  at creating a cinematic RPG; it was a commercial success, selling loads of
  copies to role-playing and survival horror fanatics. Because of the acclaim, the
  powerhouse development company did the only thing possible -- a sequel.
  .
  Before detailing the follow-up, here's some background: the plot of the original
  game dealt with Eve, a woman transformed into a killing machine by a life form
  known as mitochondria. The infected woman/monster went on a bloody rampage
  through New York City, destroying anything and everyone in her path. Assuming
  the role of a young police officer named Aya Brea, it was in the players' hands
  to solve the murder case and thwart the vile creature; the awaking of her
  mitochondria gave her the clues and prowess to stop the madness of Eve.
  .
  A few years have passed since the occurrences in New York. Aya Brea has joined
  the Federal Bureau of Investigations' Mitochondria Investigation and Suppression
  Team (M.I.S.T for short). After a series of strange incidents, the heroine is
  called into action and ordered to investigate the unfolding mystery once again.
  Human beings have begun transforming into hideous monsters known as Neo
  Mitochondrion Creatures; it is suspected that Eve is behind these bizarre
  events.
  .
  While the look and feel of Parasite Eve II resembles the original, it features
  revamped character models with facial expressions and motion-captured animation,
  pre-rendered backgrounds, an overhauled battle system and full-motion video
  clips for storyline progression; the in-game dialogue is presented in written
  form with text boxes. Spanning dust-ridden ghost towns, elaborate laboratories
  and ancient dwellings, monsters roam about resulting in survival horror elements
  and scares galore!
  .
  Whereas the original featured pseudo turn-based battles, the sequel's action
  sequences unfurl in real-time; you can dodge enemy attacks, run away or
  strategically decimate the opposition. Taking pieces from the sci-fi world, Aya
  Brea has been endowed with psychic powers and psionic spells including
  meditation, healing and offensive fire blasts in addition to conventional
  pistols and machine guns. Once the battle has finished, the heroine will receive
  two point awards: XP and BP. While XP points lean towards learning new spells
  (12 in all), BP points will have you customizing and buying weapons and items;
  enhancing weapons means purchasing or finding the right parts. Items include
  healing and effect-ridding canisters, different types of ammunition and
  important objects vital to the quest.
  .
  Along the way, Aya will come in contact with other characters including a bounty
  hunter named Kyle Madigan, a weapons expert named Gary Douglas and M.I.S.T
  agents Pierce Carradine and Rupert Broderick, all of which offer help and
  advice. Additionally, the various locations are laced with puzzles ranging from
  finding certain key cards to solving riddles and manipulating gears and pictures
  for the sake of progress.
  .
  A single-player experience, Parasite Eve II offers three different endings
  (depending on how well you do) and supports PlayStation memory cards for saving
  game data and the Dual Shock Analog Controller for analog controls and the
  vibration function.
release: 2000-09-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Parasite Eve II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Parasite Eve II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Parasite Eve II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Parasite Eve II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Parasite Eve II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Persona (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Persona (USA)/Persona (USA).json
developer: Atlus Co., Ltd.
publisher: Atlus Software Inc.
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The first entry in Atlus' modern role-playing franchise, Revelations Series:
  Persona finds players in control of a group of high schoolers who use multiple
  personalities to combat demons and prevent their town from slipping into another
  dimension.
  .
  While playing a children's folklore game, the teenage characters are struck
  unconscious and greeted by a man named Philemon, who imbues within them the
  ability to summon different personalities known as personas. These phantasm-like
  personae serve the role typically assigned to mages or wizards, unleashing a
  variety of different magic attacks on enemies, while the main characters can use
  traditional melee weapons for close-quarters combat or modern guns for ranged
  attacks.
  .
  Gamers need to manage and improve all of these skills, as the SEBEC
  Corporation's newest invention seems to be inviting a constant stream of demons
  from another dimension. Battles present players with an isometric viewpoint of
  the action, while the dungeon-crawling aspect of the game switches to the
  first-person perspective.
  .
  Combat helps characters level up, but physical violence is not always the best
  course of action. Each character can use four different conversational
  techniques to coax items from the demons, and new personas can only be acquired
  by convincing demons to relinquish their spell cards.
  .
  Features\n
  * Use swords, shotguns, and other weapons to defeat over 300 monsters\n
  * Choose from four Persona transformations per character\n
  * Features an estimated 100+ hours of role-playing content
release: 1996-09-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Persona (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Persona (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Persona (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Persona (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Persona (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Persona 2 - Eternal Punishment (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Persona 2 - Eternal Punishment (USA)/Persona 2 - Eternal Punishment (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Welcome back to the twisted world of Persona, where nightmares become reality
  and reality becomes a nightmare... Over 50 hours of dark twisted gameplay, plus
  stunning anime cinematics that absorb you into the intriguing world of Persona!
  Enlist the help of the nightmarish denizens of Persona through the use of the
  unique "Contact System!" Unleash total devastation by combining over 80 Persona
  to defeat the minions of evil. Change the fate of your characters by employing
  the revolutionary "Rumor System."
release: 2000-12-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Persona 2 - Eternal Punishment (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Persona 2 - Eternal Punishment (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Persona 2 - Eternal Punishment (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Persona 2 - Eternal Punishment (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Persona 2 - Eternal Punishment (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Philosoma (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Philosoma (USA)/Philosoma (USA).json
developer: G Artist
publisher: Sony
genre: Shooter
description:
  Communication Interrupt  Message Follows\n
  Alpha Priority Distress . Repeat. Priority Distress ORA-194-220 . {Break}
  Installation Under ATT {Break} Unkown Source.
  .
  Attention - Crew of UNF Galant\n
  All Strega Pilots Prepare To Launch  Mission: Break Through Enemy Lines And
  Neutralize Unknown Threat\n
  - Incredible cinematic sequences sterr you into this Alien-Infested battle
  zone\n
  - Experience a variety of perspectives with top-down. Isometric and in-your-face
  front/back views\n
  - Intense Gameplay with 18 different phases and an arsenal of full-range
  weapons\n
  - Strategic maneuvers and tactics will be your only kep to surviving this deadly
  mission.
release: 1996-01-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Philosoma (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Philosoma (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Philosoma (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Philosoma (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Philosoma (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pizza Hut Disc 1 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Pizza Hut Disc 1 (USA)/Pizza Hut Disc 1 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  The Pizza Hut demo disc contains a release of the MediEvil demo. 3.5 million
  copies of the disc were given out by Pizza Hut to consumers who bought a Stuffed
  Crust Pizza starting November 22, 1998.
  .
  Other games include Gran Turismo, Metal Gear Solid, Crash Bandicoot: WARPED, and
  Tomb Raider III.
release: 1998-11-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pizza Hut Disc 1 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pizza Hut Disc 1 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pizza Hut Disc 1 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pizza Hut Disc 1 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Pizza Hut Disc 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Pizza Hut Disc 2 (USA)/Pizza Hut Disc 2 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  Pizza Hut Sampler Disc Two is a Miscellaneous game, developed and published by
  SCEA, which was released in 1998.
release: 1998
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pizza Hut Disc 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pizza Hut Disc 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pizza Hut Disc 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pizza Hut Disc 2 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation Picks (USA) (SCUS-94952)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/PlayStation Picks (USA) (SCUS-94952)/PlayStation Picks (USA) (SCUS-94952).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  PlayStation Picks is a sampler disc full of game demos and trailers that was
  shipped with every PlayStation at launch.
release: 1995-09-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation Picks (USA) (SCUS-94952).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation Picks (USA) (SCUS-94952).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation Picks (USA) (SCUS-94952).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation Picks (USA) (SCUS-94952).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation Underground 4.1 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/PlayStation Underground 4.1 (USA)/PlayStation Underground 4.1 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;General
description:
  IN WITH THE NEW
  .
  Check Out The Premiere Demos Of The 21st Century.
  .
  Syphon Filter 2
  .
  Spider-Man
release: 2000-06-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation Underground 4.1 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation Underground 4.1 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation Underground 4.1 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation Underground 4.1 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation Underground Jampack - Fall 2001 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Fall 2001 (USA)/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Fall 2001 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  Packed Full! 6 playable demos and 2 insider videos. Demos included: X-Men:
  Mutant Academy 2, NFL GameDay 2002, Spider-Man 2: Enter Electro, Disney's
  Atlantis: The Lost Empire, Barbie Explorer and Disney's Aladdin in Nasira's
  Revenge.
release: 2001-09-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Fall 2001 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Fall 2001 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Fall 2001 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Fall 2001 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation Underground Jampack - Summer 2K (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Summer 2K (USA)/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Summer 2K (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  Demos included: The Legend of Dragoon, Hot Shots Golf 2, MediEvil II, Grind
  Session, Speed Punks, Syphon Filter 2, TOMBA! 2: The Evil Swine Return, Spider-
  Man, NASCAR Rumble and Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2. Plus imports, codes, news &
  more!
release: 2000-05-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Summer 2K (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Summer 2K (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Summer 2K (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Summer 2K (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '98 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '98 (USA)/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '98 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  Demos included: Spyro The Dragon, MediEvil, Metal Gear Solid, A Bug's Life,
  CoolBoarders 3, NHL FaceOff '99, NFL GameDay '99, Rally Cross 2, Tomb Raider
  III: Adventures of Lara Croft and Small Soldiers. Get inside for even more!
release: 1998-10-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '98 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '98 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '98 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '98 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '99 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '99 (USA)/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '99 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  JamPack Winter '99 is a Miscellaneous game, developed and published by SCEA,
  which was released in 1999.
release: 1999-10-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '99 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '99 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '99 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter '99 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2000 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2000 (USA)/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2000 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  JamPack Winter 2000 is a Miscellaneous game, published by SCEA, which was
  released in 2000.
release: 2000-11-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2000 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2000 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2000 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2000 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Pocket Fighter (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Pocket Fighter (Japan)/Pocket Fighter (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Fighting
description:
  What happens when you take several signature Capcom fighters, squish them down
  into chibi (small or SD) versions of themselves, and give them a whole
  collection of wacky moves and over-the-top costumes? You get Pocket Fighter!
  Take on one of several pint-sized Capcom characters in this wacky, colorful
  fighting game.
release: 1998-06-11
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pocket Fighter (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pocket Fighter (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pocket Fighter (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pocket Fighter (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pocket Fighter (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Policenauts (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Policenauts (Japan)/Policenauts (Japan).json
developer: Konami Computer Entertainment Osaka
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Visual Novel
description:
  The game centers on Jonathan Ingram, one of the five "Policenauts", astronauts
  with police training, assigned to ensure the safety of Beyond Coast, mankind's
  first fully functional space colony in the year 2013. A freak accident occurs
  while testing a new space walking suit and Jonathan is drifted away into space
  and is presumed dead by his colleagues. He is found alive and well 25 years
  later thanks to the cold-sleep module connected to the suit. Three years later,
  Jonathan (now a private investigator working in the former Los Angeles) is
  visited by his former wife, Lorraine. She asks for Jonathan's help in solving
  the disappearance of her current husband, Kenzo Hojo, the only clues he left
  behind being a torn leaf, a set of capsules, and the word "Plato". Jonathan is
  reluctant to take her case at first. However, after Lorraine leaves his office,
  she is attacked and murdered by a man in a black motorcycle suit. Jonathan,
  unable to catch the culprit, decides to fulfill his ex-wife's final request and
  travels to Beyond. There he is reunited with his former partner from his LAPD
  days, Ed Brown, who agrees to help Jonathan investigate the circumstances
  surrounding Hojo's disappearance and Lorraine's murder.
release: 1996-01-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Policenauts (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Policenauts (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Policenauts (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Policenauts (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Policenauts (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pong - The Next Level (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Pong - The Next Level (USA)/Pong - The Next Level (USA).json
developer: Supersonic Software Ltd.
publisher: Hasbro Interactive, Inc.
genre: Action
description:
  The classic videogame PONG is getting a 32-bit update. Players control a long,
  flat rectangular rod and maneuver it up and down the screen to defend their
  goal. The opponent is trying to direct the ball past you and into your goal the
  player who reaches the level's preset point total first wins the match. There
  are six zones filled with all kinds of PONG challenges, each with three distinct
  and increasingly difficult variations on that level. Most one-on-one games also
  include power-ups that you can collect, which will benefit you in some fashion
  against your opponent.
release: 1999-11-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pong - The Next Level (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pong - The Next Level (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pong - The Next Level (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pong - The Next Level (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pong - The Next Level (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Project Overkill (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Project Overkill (USA)/Project Overkill (USA).json
developer: Konami Computer Entertainment Chicago, Inc.
publisher: Konami
genre: Shooter
description:
  The evil Terracom corporation has struck a deal with alien forces to eradicate
  populated areas on key planets. This initiative has been named Project Overkill.
  As one of four mercenaries hired to protect the citizens, you must destroy
  hordes of alien forces while getting to the root of Terracom's nefarious
  purposes. Choose from a demolitions expert, a genetic hybrid, an alien weapons
  specialist, and a special ops assassin. The action is viewed from an isometric
  perspective, where your objective is to destroy anything and everything that
  moves. Spanning over 50 levels (including hidden areas), the game will have you
  infiltrating research buildings, laboratories, and blood-soaked alien
  territories.
release: 1996-09-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Project Overkill (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Project Overkill (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Project Overkill (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Project Overkill (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Project Overkill (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Psychic Detective (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Psychic Detective (USA)/Psychic Detective (USA).json
developer: Colossal Pictures
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Adventure
description:
  Eric Fox is a psychic who lives in San Francisco and earns his living performing
  magic shows in seedy nightclubs. This changes when Eric meets Laina, a
  mysterious woman who trains him to venture inside other people's minds. Laina
  then hires Eric as a private detective to travel into the minds of the people
  who attend a wake held in honor of her father, which has died under unclear
  circumstances.
  .
  Psychic Detective is an interactive movie with adventure elements. The player
  can choose people whose minds Eric is able to read, and also interact with
  objects for further insight into the storyline. Many of these decisions and
  interaction choices branch the storyline, leading it to different endings; one
  of these endings is reached if the player chooses not to interact at all and let
  the movie unfold by itself.
release: 1996-03-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Psychic Detective (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Psychic Detective (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Psychic Detective (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Psychic Detective (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Psychic Detective (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: R4 - Ridge Racer Type 4 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/R4 - Ridge Racer Type 4 (USA)/R4 - Ridge Racer Type 4 (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Racing
description:
  R4 Ridge Racer Type 4 combines the arcade driving action of its predecessors
  with simulation-style elements such as custom cars and participating in a full
  racing season. The game features 45 unique cars (plus over 300 variants), eight
  different tracks and the following three game modes: Grand Prix, Time Attack and
  Versus Battle.
  .
  The heart of the game is the Grand Prix, where you select one of four racing
  teams and embark on a season spanning eight races. By finishing in certain spots
  during the event, you will be able to unlock additional cars. Time Attack has
  you trying to beat the record time for each course, while Versus Battle involves
  challenging a friend on a horizontally-split screen.
  .
  Cars that are earned through the season will be automatically stored in a garage
  awaiting registration. Once registered, the new cars will be eligible for
  competition in either the Versus Battle or Time Attack modes. Players can also
  design their own logos, choose from pre-designed decals or simply change each
  car's color for an added touch of personality.
  .
  The game also supports standard analog controllers, Namco's NeGcon and the 1999
  Jogcon controller. The Jogcon is notable for featuring a built-in dial instead
  of the two sticks found on Sony's Dual Shock Analog Controller. Steering left or
  right is accomplished by using both thumbs on either side of the dial, while the
  shoulder buttons handle acceleration and braking. A motor located behind the
  dial provides force-feedback.
  .
  R4 Ridge Racer Type 4 requires a memory card in order to save option settings,
  unlocked cars, trophies earned during the Grand Prix as well as the top five lap
  and total race times. The game is also compatible with Sony's PocketStation
  (canceled for the U.S. market), which would have allowed players to exchange
  cars with other PocketStations.
  .
  Along with the fourth installment in the series, Namco has included a second
  disc entitled "Ridge Racer Turbo Mode," offering two separate versions of Ridge
  Racer: the 1995 original and a 1999 update featuring high-resolution graphics,
  vibration feedback and 60 frames per second racing. The bonus disc also contains
  playable demos of both Klonoa: Door to Phantomile and Tekken 3, movies of
  Namco's Guncon games and a video preview of Ace Combat 3.
  .
  Features\n
  * Features 45 cars and eight different courses\n
  * Witness such special effects as lens flares, skid marks, and smoking tires\n
  * Includes a two-player split-screen Vs. mode
release: 1999-05-05
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/R4 - Ridge Racer Type 4 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/R4 - Ridge Racer Type 4 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/R4 - Ridge Racer Type 4 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/R4 - Ridge Racer Type 4 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/R4 - Ridge Racer Type 4 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: RMJ - The Mystery Hospital (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/RMJ - The Mystery Hospital (Japan)/RMJ - The Mystery Hospital (Japan).json
developer: System Sacom
publisher: Bandai Co.,Ltd
genre: Adventure
description:
  R?MJ - The Mystery Hospital is a first person adventure game released for the
  Playstation One & Sega Saturn consoles.
  .
  PLOT:\n
  1999 Summer, explosion has erupted inside a huge statewise hospital. The cause
  of the explosion was unknown. Caught inside the explosion is Hajime, his friends
  Ryo and Tomowo, a new on duty nurse Aya. Shortly after, suddenly they are also
  joined by a mysterious beautiful young girl called Misato. All of them are
  trying their best to and hope to get out of the Hospital alive...
release: 1997-11-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/RMJ - The Mystery Hospital (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/RMJ - The Mystery Hospital (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/RMJ - The Mystery Hospital (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/RMJ - The Mystery Hospital (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/RMJ - The Mystery Hospital (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: RPG Maker (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/RPG Maker (USA)/RPG Maker (USA).json
developer: Kuusou Kagaku
publisher: Agetec
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  In RPG Maker, players with absolutely no programming experience or prior
  game-production skills can make their own role-playing quests and save them to
  the PlayStation memory card for themselves or a friend to enjoy. The world
  creation in the game is tile-based, and the entire game is done in the 2D style
  of 16-bit era RPGs. Players can create characters, towns, dungeons and script
  action to move along at a certain pace. They will place treasures, enter
  dialogue and create events that are triggered by certain actions within the game
  world.
  .
  Although players can create nearly anything they like with the game, it must be
  more or less contained in a fantasy theme, as the only graphics available adhere
  to that specific genre. Within that genre, however, the possibilities are
  varied, and you can make your new RPG a massive epic or a short jaunt. It can be
  utterly serious or laced with juvenile humor. Also contained within RPG Maker is
  a mode called Anime Maker, where those with the desire can create 2D pictures
  and animate them accordingly.
release: 2000-09-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/RPG Maker (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/RPG Maker (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/RPG Maker (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/RPG Maker (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/RPG Maker (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rakugaki Showtime (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rakugaki Showtime (Japan)/Rakugaki Showtime (Japan).json
developer: Treasure
publisher: Enix
genre: Fighting
description:
  Rakugaki Showtime is a game along the same vein as Poitter's Point (Also known
  as Poy Poy )where in you try to defeat the opponents by throwing things at them.
  .
  STORY:\n
  Welcome to the world of Rakugaki. An imaginary game world, created entirely by
  the pencil drawings of the "God Hand". The characters who inhabit this world
  were created by the God Hand in the same way... Yukiwo, Sasami, Pitanand
  Tsubohachi; the four members of the "Heroes Team", and Daddy; who commands the
  mysterious enemy character army.
  .
  Called the "Heroes and Enemies", they are all controlled by their master, and
  follow their predetermined (created?) fate. Today a battle to the end unfolds...
  .
  GAMEPLAY:\n
  Rakugaki Showtime you play as a rakugaki (scribble) character, who must fight
  against other rakugaki characters in a square 3D arena. The fights mainly
  consist of throwing items at the opposition. However, throwing is not as simple
  as "pick up, aim & throw". In Rakugaki Showtime different "drives" can be placed
  on the thrown items by holding different directions whilst throwing. Holding the
  direction towards the target will cause a "Forward Drive Throw", which is like a
  faster normal throw, albeit weaker. Holding the direction away from the target
  will cause you to do a "Backward Drive Throw", which will cause your character
  to throw the item slower and in an arc, but it will cause far more damage.
  .
  By performing a "Counter", you are able to block most items thrown at you. If
  your timing is off, the Item will just bounce off you and drop down. But if you
  "Counter" just before the item hits you, your character will perform a "Donpisha
  Counter" (Donpisha means to trigger immediately), which causes the item to be
  reflected back at the original thrower.
  .
  One of the more important items in the game is a Smiley Ball. Unlike all other
  items, Smiley Balls will not be destroyed after use. Instead, every impact will
  slowly make the Smiley Ball go from yellow to magenta, from happy to angry.
  After it gets very angry, a sound clip of "halleluja" will play and the Smiley
  will be engulfed in flashing white light... it has become a Super Smiley. When
  you pick up a Super Smiley, you will not throw it. Instead, your rakugaki will
  unleash their "Super Smiley Attack", which in most cases is devestating. Also,
  your fighter may be able to use different Super Smiley Attack's by applying
  different drives, these are called Forward Super Smileys and the Backward Drive
  Super Smileys.
  .
  Like every other fighting game that has ever existed, you can execute Special
  Moves. These usually consist of very basic button commands involving the
  directional buttons and generally the Circle button. Some characters have a
  whole arsenal of Special Moves, others only have only a handful.
  .
  Around the stages are "Item Points", these are where the God Hand will draw the
  Items to be used in battle. You can make your character move to these points
  quickly by performing a "Homing Dash". To do this, jump, hold the direction you
  want to go and then hit the jump button again. You will fly over to the point
  you indicated. As well as item points, you can use a "Homing Dash" to quickly
  fly over to Smiley Balls, this is EXTREMELY helpful. You are also able to "Chain
  Homing Dashes", to do this, just hold the jump button down after doing a Homing
  Dash, and tap the direction of another item point before you land. You can
  cancel Homing Dashes mid-flight by pressing the Circle Button.
  .
  GAME MODES:\n
  - Normal Mode: In this mode, you battle enemies in set stages. The difficulty
  differs depending on your performance, where doing badly (i.e. losing two times
  in arow) nets you crappy characters (e.g. Zacko) whereas doing well rewards
  youwith really good characters. At first you will only be able to play as
  Yukiwo, Sasami, Pitan and Tsubohachi, but everytime you complete the game you
  will unlock another character. There are 12 stages you must battle through,
  ending with a final rumble against the God Hand.\n
  - Versus Mode: In versus mode, you can battle to other three players or computer
  rtvals.\n
  - Training Mode: Here you select a character to fight against a Zacko who has an
  absurd amount of life and hardly enough brain cells to fill a pore on the human
  face. This isgood to test out damage for the different moves of your character.
  The missions are as follows: 1) Use the Smiley Ball 2) Use Items 3) Test your
  skills.
  .
  CHARACTERS:\n
  - Yukiwo: Yukiwo is the standard well-rounded protagonist. He has an above
  averageamount of health, at 3928 HP. His running speed is Fairly Fast, and his
  Homing Dash speed is pretty Average.\n
  - Sasami: Sasami is a very agile fighter.she's skilled in the Kung Fu Arts. Both
  her running and Homing Dash speeds are Fast, which will allow her to run rings
  against most of the opposition. She is fairly "light-weight" though, only having
  2333 HP. She only has a couple of Special Moves, and they are all pretty weak.\n
  - Pitan: Pitan is a cute mischievous monk, who speaks in Kansai Ben.. He has
  3001 HP, his running speed is Fast,and his Homing Dash speed is Fairly Fast.
  Apart from being speedy, Pitan's greatest advantage over the others are his
  highly useful Super Smiley Attacks.\n
  - Tsubohachi: Tsubohachi is Pitan's unruly drunk of a father. He is constantly
  referred to as "OYAJI", which is somewhat Japanese slang for "My Old Man",
  "Geezer", etc. Tsubohachi is one of the most enjoyable characters to play as.
  Whilst your controlling him, he won'tfollow your commands 100% correctly, which
  gives you the feeling of playing as a drunk. It's a brilliant touch to this
  character. Tsubohachi has a very decent amount of health, at 4802 HP, and his
  running and Homing Dash speed are both very random. Relying on whether your
  pushing against or with the way he's staggering.
release: 1999-07-29
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rakugaki Showtime (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rakugaki Showtime (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rakugaki Showtime (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rakugaki Showtime (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rakugaki Showtime (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rayman (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rayman (USA)/Rayman (USA).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Platform
description:
  Rayman is a side-scrolling platform game starring a whimsical character with
  fists instead of arms and feet instead of legs. Rayman embarks on strange quest
  to save the Great Protoon and his tiny followers from the evil Mister Dark.
  Since the land relies on the Great Protoon to maintain balance and harmony, the
  planet is now in chaos. Guide Rayman across 70 cartoon-like levels while facing
  over 50 bizarre baddies trying to put the limbless hero out of commission.
  .
  Along the way, you must attempt to free singing creatures called Electoons from
  their cages. Don't expect a walk in the park, however. The enemies have been
  designed to learn your playing style in order to defeat you. Acquire new moves
  and abilities as you progress through the world, and return to earlier levels to
  find hidden secrets. Rayman offers CD-quality sound effects and music, vibrant
  vistas featuring 65,000 colors, and four layers of independently scrolling
  backdrops. A memory card with two blocks of free space is required to save
  progress.
  .
  Features:\n
  * Help Rayman rescue the Electoons\n
  * Includes 70 levels and more than 50 characters\n
  * Graphics feature 65,000 colors and independently scrolling backgrounds
  .
  STORY:\n
  Embark on a strange quest to save a world's Great Protoon and rescue little
  Electroons from imprisonment. You see, the world of Rayman relies on the Great
  Protoon to maintain balance and harmony for every living creature.
  .
  The problem is that the evil Mister Dark has decided to capture him (it?) to
  throw the planet into chaos. This is where you come in! Guide Rayman through 70
  cartoon-like, side-scrolling levels facing over fifty bizarre characters trying
  to put you out of commission.
  .
  Along the way, free the Electroons who have been forced into cages by the
  baddies. Don't expect a walk in the park, however. The enemies will actually
  learn your playing style in order to defeat you! Acquire new moves and abilities
  as you progress through the world and return to earlier levels to find hidden
  secrets. Rayman also features CD-quality sound effects and music, 65,000 colors,
  plus four layers of independently scrolling backdrops to mesmerize you while
  playing. Don't just stand there gawking, the Great Protoon awaits!
  .
  GAMEPLAY:\n
  The Rayman character is perfect for little children, though this game is easily
  difficult enough for adults. 60 levels for Rayman to conquer and none of them is
  easy, not even the first levels, because you have to get used to controlling
  Rayman.
  .
  Sometimes the difficulty can be quite annoying, but luckily, if you get by a
  clown holding a camera and let him take your picture, you can save your progress
  in a level. On the world map there's also points where you can save after
  completing a level, it doesn't take much space in you system memory. A problem
  is, that when you completed all levels in the game, you still haven't beaten
  mister Dark.
  .
  To get to this final level you must find each of the six cages of Electoons in
  each of the 60 levels. So if you can't find one cage, completing the game is
  impossible. A very good thing in the game is that the further you get in the
  game, the more abilities you get. For example, Rayman can hang on an edge,
  helicopter, use his glove to beat enemies, that sort of thing.
release: 1995-09-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rayman (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rayman (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rayman (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rayman (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rayman (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Re-Loaded - The Hardcore Sequel (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Re-Loaded - The Hardcore Sequel (USA)/Re-Loaded - The Hardcore Sequel (USA).json
developer: Gremlin Interactive
publisher: Interplay
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  This is the sequel to 1995's Loaded, with an improved graphics engine, and just
  as much violence and blood. Re-Loaded puts you in the shoes of a number of
  characters, such as Sister Magpie or Butch. Each character is weird, deformed,
  and generally strange.
  .
  It is a mission based game, where you must complete various objectives to
  successfully win in each of the 12 worlds. Throughout each mission, you must
  kill lots of people, with a variety of weapons such as plasma cannons, lasers
  and ultra bombs.
release: 1996-12-20
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Re-Loaded - The Hardcore Sequel (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Re-Loaded - The Hardcore Sequel (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Re-Loaded - The Hardcore Sequel (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Re-Loaded - The Hardcore Sequel (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Re-Loaded - The Hardcore Sequel (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Resident Evil (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil (USA)/Resident Evil (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror;Puzzle
description:
  Raccoon City has been completely overrun by mutant beasts and bloodthirsty
  zombies. You are a member of S.T.A.R.S.--a rescue squad sent into the community
  to investigate the ominous mansion at the core of the disaster. Take the role of
  operative Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield and uncover the secrets behind a
  radical, genetic research facility. With an array of weapons to master and
  horrors around every corner, the ultimate test may be just to make it out alive.
release: 1996-03-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - Director's Cut (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil - Director's Cut (USA)/Resident Evil - Director's Cut (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Resident Evil: Director's Cut is a reissue of the original Resident Evil. Unlike
  Resident Evil for the GameCube, it is not a remake of the original game,
  instead, it is more of a slight remix.
  .
  There are three gameplay modes available. "Original" contains the original game
  with no changes or additions. "Beginner" features double the amount of
  ammunition and save ribbons, plus increased health for the player, increased
  damage for their weapons, and an auto-target feature.
  .
  "Arrange" mode is the "Director's Cut" version of the original. The default
  outfits for Jill, Chris, and Rebecca are changed, new camera angles are
  introduced, and the placement of key items is changed. Most of these changes are
  designed to play against the expectations of veteran players of the first
  Resident Evil - so zombie dogs may smash through new windows, or keys will not
  be where they were, forcing players to hunt for them anew. The default Beretta
  pistol is also changed to a chromed version with a randomized chance to kill
  standard zombies in one shot.
  .
  The original release of the Director's Cut advertised an uncut version of the
  opening cinema, in full color, and never-before seen. Notable aspects of this
  video include shots of a corpse with bites taken out of the face, close-ups of
  zombie dogs bleeding when shot, and graphic quick-cuts of Joseph being bitten by
  these dogs. Chris is also shown smoking in his introduction, which was cut from
  Western releases. However, only the French and German releases contained this
  footage. U.S. and UK versions retained the censored black-and-white video
  shipped with the original release. This has never been corrected, either in the
  Greatest Hits reissue, or with the PSOne Classics downloads on the Playstation
  Network.
  .
  The original issue of the Director's Cut contained a demo of Resident Evil 2 on
  a second disc. The "Greatest Hits" re-release added Dual Shock support for the
  controller (left "movement" stick only).
release: 1997-09-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - Director's Cut (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - Director's Cut - Dual Shock Ver. (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil - Director's Cut - Dual Shock Ver. (USA)/Resident Evil - Director's Cut - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror
description:
  A third version for the PlayStation, Dual Shock Ver, co-produced by Keiji
  Inafune, was released in August 1998. It features support for the DualShock
  controller's analog controls and vibration functions, as well as a new symphonic
  soundtrack, replacing the original soundtrack by Makoto Tomozawa, Koichi Hiroki,
  and Masami Ueda. The symphonic music was credited to composer Mamoru
  Samuragochi, Although he admitted in 2014 that he directed his orchestrator
  Takashi Niigaki to ghostwrite the new soundtrack. The Japanese Dual Shock Ver.
  came packaged with a bonus disc that contained downloadable save data, footage
  of the unused Japanese dubbed versions of the live-action cutscenes, along with
  brief gameplay footage of the canceled original version of Resident Evil 2.
  .
  In North America, Resident Evil: Director's Cut Dual Shock Ver. was later
  released as a downloadable game available from the PlayStation Network. Although
  the game is advertised with the original Director's Cut box art. In Japan and
  Europe, the original Director's Cut was instead made available from the
  PlayStation Network.
release: 1998-09-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Director's Cut - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Director's Cut - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Director's Cut - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Director's Cut - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - Director's Cut - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - Survivor (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil - Survivor (USA)/Resident Evil - Survivor (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Shooter
description:
  The player takes control of an amnesiac protagonist, struggling desperately
  against overwhelming odds to stay alive and uncover his identity. Survivor's
  gameplay is a combination of first-person shooter and arcade-style light gun
  game. The player views the environment from the perspective of the character
  (first person view) and moves the character through the environment with the
  controller. At the same time, if the player wishes to attack an enemy or destroy
  an object, they press a button which allows them to control a crosshair on the
  screen. This crosshair can be moved to any location within the main character's
  line of sight. Using the G-Con 45, players move around by shooting off screen to
  move and the side buttons to turn, and point at the screen to shoot enemies.\n
  The game borrows its enemies from Resident Evil 2, featuring the zombie models
  from that game, as well as creatures such as Lickers, the Ivy plants, Moth
  Giants and Tyrants. In addition, Survivor also reintroduces the original Hunters
  from the first Resident Evil and features two new enemies in the form of the
  Umbrella Trashsweeper unit – soldiers armed with machine guns – and the Hypnos
  T-Type, a new Tyrant model that evolves into different forms. The player's
  arsenal consists almost entirely of pistols, such as the Glock 17 and the CZ75.
  As the protagonist progresses through the game, the player receives larger
  weapons to aid in defending against ever more dangerous opposition while they
  make their way through Umbrella's ruined city and shadowy research labs. The
  game features branching paths that allow the player to determine how the story
  will unfold and whom they will meet along the way.
release: 2000-01-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Survivor (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Survivor (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Survivor (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Survivor (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - Survivor (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto)/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror
description:
  Resident Evil 1.5 / Biohazard 1.5 (also known as BIOHAZARD 2 PROTOTYPE) is the
  development name given to the first iteration of Resident Evil 2, which was
  scrapped in 1997.
  .
  As the game was approaching its March 1997 release date, the developers were
  dissatisfied with the resulting product. Rather than releasing a game they were
  unhappy with, the developers took the risk of cancelling the game and developing
  the game again from scratch.
release: 1997
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto) (Magic Zombie Door) (03062018)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto) (Magic Zombie Door) (03062018)/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto) (Magic Zombie Door) (03062018).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror
description:
  Resident Evil 1.5 / Biohazard 1.5 (also known as BIOHAZARD 2 PROTOTYPE) is the
  development name given to the first iteration of Resident Evil 2, which was
  scrapped in 1997.
  .
  As the game was approaching its March 1997 release date, the developers were
  dissatisfied with the resulting product. Rather than releasing a game they were
  unhappy with, the developers took the risk of cancelling the game and developing
  the game again from scratch.
release: 1997
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto) (Magic Zombie Door) (03062018).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto) (Magic Zombie Door) (03062018).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto) (Magic Zombie Door) (03062018).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 1.5 (USA) (Proto) (Magic Zombie Door) (03062018).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil 2 (USA)/Resident Evil 2 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  The game is set two months after the events of the first Resident Evil, in the
  Midwestern American mountain community of Raccoon City. Nearly all of its
  citizens have been transformed into zombies by an outbreak of the T-virus, a new
  type of biological weapon secretly developed by the pharmaceutical company
  Umbrella. The game's two protagonists are Leon S. Kennedy, a rookie police
  officer on his first day in the local force, and Claire Redfield, a college
  student looking for her brother Chris. Having just arrived in the city, Leon and
  Claire make their way to the Raccoon Police Department, seeking protection from
  the mutated population. There, they discover that most of the policemen have
  been killed already, and that Chris has left town to investigate the Umbrella
  headquarters in Europe. With no remaining motivation to stay, the two
  protagonists split up to look for other survivors and flee the city. While
  searching for an escape route, Claire meets a little girl named Sherry, who is
  on the run from an unknown creature, and Leon encounters Ada Wong, who claims to
  be looking for her boyfriend John, an Umbrella researcher.
release: 1998-01-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 2 (USA) (Demo)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil 2 (USA) (Demo)/Resident Evil 2 (USA) (Demo).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  After the success of Resident Evil, development on Resident Evil 2 began.
  Trailers and footage of the game's development were released on a periodic
  basis until what is now known as the "1.5 build" was cancelled altogether in
  favor of a new build of the game, delaying the release date. Sometime after
  this, the first Resident Evil was given an updated release with new gameplay
  elements and exclusive features, known as the Resident Evil: Director's Cut.
  To give players a taste of what would come the following year, Director's
  Cut came bundled with the first publicly available demo of Resident Evil 2.
  .
  The first build of this demo was released in Japan. The Trial Edition has a
  number of differences from other versions, utilizing more prototype content.
  The second build of the game that was released internationally, the Preview,
  is nearly identical to its Japanese counterpart. This is the earliest
  playable build of the retail version of Resident Evil 2.
  .
  Sometime later in the following year, a second version of the Preview demo
  was released on several demo compilation discs. This demo is based on the
  retail version of the game, offering very few differences.
release: 1997
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 2 (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 2 (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 2 (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 2 (USA) (Demo).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 2 - Dual Shock Ver. (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil 2 - Dual Shock Ver. (USA)/Resident Evil 2 - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror
description:
  After its initial release for the PlayStation in January 1998, Resident Evil 2
  was reissued and ported to other systems, often gaining new features in the
  process. The first re-release was the Dual Shock Ver., which incorporated
  support for the vibration and analog control functions of the PlayStation's
  DualShock controller. Other additions include a new unlockable minigame called
  "Extreme Battle", and a "Rookie" mode that enables the player to start the main
  story with a powerful weapon that features infinite ammunition. The Japanese
  release of the Dual Shock Ver. contained a "U.S.A. Version" mode based on the
  difficulty level of Resident Evil 2's Western versions.
  .
  The Dual Shock Ver. served as the basis for the majority of ports, such as the
  Windows 9x-based PC-CD version Resident Evil 2 Platinum. Aside from retaining
  all previously added features, the PC version can be run in higher resolutions.
  A "Data Gallery" was added to the main menu, allowing the player to view movies,
  rough sketches, illustrations and 3D models. In February 2006, a
  Japan-exclusive, Windows XP-compatible PC-DVD re-release was published.
  Developed by Sourcenext, it included high-quality FMVs encoded at a resolution
  of 640×480 pixels. The Dreamcast version keeps the additions from the original
  PC release, and incorporates real-time display of the character's condition on
  the Visual Memory Unit peripheral. The Japanese edition of the Dreamcast port
  was given the subtitle Value Plus and came with a playable demo of Resident Evil
  – Code: Veronica. An unmodified port of the Dual Shock Ver. was released for the
  GameCube. The initial PlayStation version was re-released on the Japanese
  PlayStation Network in 2007, while the service's North American counterpart
  received the Dual Shock Ver. two years later.
release: 1998-11-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 2 - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 2 - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 2 - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 2 - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil 2 - Dual Shock Ver. (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA)/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Just days after surviving the grisly disaster at the mansion lab, Jill Valentine
  resigns from S.T.A.R.S. and attempts to escape a nightmarish city in ruins.
  Trapped in a town crawling with hordes of flesh eating zombies, hideous mutants,
  and a relentless new nemesis, she must rely on cunning and brute force to stay
  alive. What she soon discovers is the evil created by Umbrella Corporation's
  bio-tech terror is even more horrifying than she ever imagined...
  .
  ...Some secrets come back to haunt you.
release: 1999-09-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rising Zan - The Samurai Gunman (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rising Zan - The Samurai Gunman (USA)/Rising Zan - The Samurai Gunman (USA).json
developer: UEP Systems
publisher: Agetec
genre: Action
description:
  Rising Zan is a 3rd person action game with plenty of oddball humor and
  interesting situations. Zan, the main character wields the weapons of both of
  his trades... the Sword of a Samurai master, and the six-shooter pistol of an
  American cowboy. He'll need a variety of techniques to defeat the Jackal Clan
  and avenge his own lost battle. Zan proceeds through enemies and challenges in
  each level to eventually reach the boss who he then battles in some form of
  specialized combat or pattern. Once the boss is defeated, Zan gets the chance to
  unleash as much punishment on his foe in 30 seconds as he can; higher damage
  values will change the finishing move he uses to slay his foe.
release: 1999-03-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rising Zan - The Samurai Gunman (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rising Zan - The Samurai Gunman (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rising Zan - The Samurai Gunman (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rising Zan - The Samurai Gunman (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rising Zan - The Samurai Gunman (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Robo Pit (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Robo Pit (USA)/Robo Pit (USA).json
developer: Altron
publisher: Kokopeli Digital Studios
genre: Fighting
description:
  The year is 2042 AD and all forms of physical violence against organic lifeforms
  have been outlawed. For entertainment the Robo Pit battles have been created.
  Large corporations can acquire prestige and profit by developing successful
  robots and weapons. Robots are victorious in battle if they are still functional
  after defeating their opponent. Upon defeating their opponent they may take
  their opponents' arms and use them to upgrade themself.
  .
  The first order of business for the player is to create their own robot. This
  requires them to select a body, face, base, weapon arms, and a name. Up to ten
  custom robots may be saved at one time. Arms are rated in five categories:
  power, speed, defense, type, and skill. Different types of arms are:
  punch/middle or punch/big punch, hammer/fire or punch/boomerang, sword/axe/kama,
  lance/squid/spear, small gun/bow gun/laser/cannon, sucker/hand, shield A or
  B/buckler/talon, and heavy hammer/mace.
  .
  Battles can be fought against the computer, against another player, or in
  training mode. For computer battles players can challenge any robot ranked under
  them or any robot up to 20 ranks above them. The main objective is to eventually
  reach the number one ranking. Victories against robots ranked higher than them
  will gain players points and increase their rank. While defeating robots ranked
  below them won't gain a player a higher rank, it will help to gain experience
  and receive new weapon arms.
release: 1996-07-10
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Robo Pit (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Robo Pit (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Robo Pit (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Robo Pit (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Robo Pit (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Robo Pit 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Robo Pit 2 (USA)/Robo Pit 2 (USA).json
developer: Altron
publisher: Mud Duck
genre: Action;Fighting
description:
  Robo-Pit 2 is, like its predecessor, a fighting game where robots battle it out
  in an arena. The game starts with the player creating his own robot. The player
  can use 146 different parts and 72 colours to create a robot of his own taste.
  The different body parts that can be customized are head, body, arms and legs.
  Each body part has its own attack and durability ratings that determines how the
  robot will fare in combat.
  .
  The battles takes place in the Coliseum. The Coliseum consists of a number of
  rooms each hosting an enemy robot that the player has to defeat to unlock more
  rooms. Defeating an enemy can also grant the player new body parts as well as
  experience and skill points. The player can move around his robot from a third
  person perspective and launch different attacks such as jabs, straight, hook and
  upper attacks. With good timing it's also possible to link attacks together. A
  special attack can be executed when the SP gauge is full. There's also a guard
  impact command which allows the player to repel the enemy attack. The player has
  a booster which allows the robot to fly as long as the boost gauge lasts. A
  battle ends when one of the combatants has his energy reduced to zero.
release: 2003-08-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Robo Pit 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Robo Pit 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Robo Pit 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Robo Pit 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Robo Pit 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rockman (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rockman (Japan)/Rockman (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Relive all the classic adventures of the Blue Bomber with Capcom's new Rockman
  Complete Works series! All 6 NES/Famicom games have been reworked and brought to
  the PlayStation, with all the classic enemies, bosses, weapons, and of course,
  the evil Dr. Wily!
  .
  In Rockman, Dr. Wily has reprogrammed six of Dr. Light's helper robots and wants
  to take over the world. Only Rock, Dr. Light's best assistant, wasn't
  reprogrammed, and decides to battle Dr. Wily and stop his evil plan. So Dr.
  Light gives him an upgrade to turn him into a fighter robot. Thus, Rockman was
  born! Now you must help Rockman get through Dr. Wily's army of robots and stop
  his plans before it's too late!
  .
  The Rockman Complete Works series was only released in Japan.
release: 1999-08-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rockman (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rockman (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rockman (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rockman (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Rockman 2 - Dr. Wily no Nazo (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rockman 2 - Dr. Wily no Nazo (Japan)/Rockman 2 - Dr. Wily no Nazo (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  After defeating Dr. Light's six robots that were reprogrammed by the villainous
  Dr. Wily in Mega Man, it seemed like the world was safe. But it was not to be.
  Dr. Wily has escaped from prison and is madder than ever, this time creating
  eight new Robot Masters of his own to take over the world and crush Mega Man! Is
  the world doomed?
  .
  Mega Man 2 is the sequel to the NES game Mega Man. In this game, Metal Man, Air
  Man, Bubble Man, Quick Man, Crash Man, Flash Man, Heat Man and Wood Man are Dr.
  Wily's eight prize creations that have been sent to take over the world. As Mega
  Man defeats these bosses, he can steal their powers and use them for himself.
  Each Robot Master is weak against another's weapon, and through experimentation,
  Mega Man can gain the upper hand by using the weapon they're vulnerable against.
  .
  Other additions to the game include the 'E-Tank' - an item that can be used at
  any time to completely refill Mega Man's energy, and a Password System, which
  allows players to continue their game by recording which Robot Masters have been
  defeated and how many E-Tanks they have. Mega Man 2 also removes the scoring
  system from the original game.
release: 1999-09-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rockman 2 - Dr. Wily no Nazo (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rockman 2 - Dr. Wily no Nazo (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rockman 2 - Dr. Wily no Nazo (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rockman 2 - Dr. Wily no Nazo (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Rockman 3 - Dr. Wily no Saigo! (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rockman 3 - Dr. Wily no Saigo! (Japan)/Rockman 3 - Dr. Wily no Saigo! (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mega Man 3 is a traditional side-scrolling platformer: you jump from brick to
  brick while avoiding pits and shooting robots. It's quite similar, in all
  respects, to other Mega Man games; however, this is the first time that you get
  a sidekick. It's also the first time you're allowed to slide instead of merely
  walking.
  .
  Rush is your dog who helps out by offering other modes of transportation when
  you need it. He starts out with the 'Rush Coil' ability to launch you to the top
  of the screen like a springboard; later he acquires the 'Rush Jet' ability to
  turn into a guided, floating platform to carry you wherever you need to go; and
  he also gets the 'Rush Marine' ability which is a submarine that works just like
  the jet except underwater and with the added ability to hop around out of the
  water (you can actually jump while on the jet but the jet continues to hover
  beneath you whereas you stay inside the submarine). All of these abilities
  function just like boss weapons.
  .
  When you defeat the boss at the end of a level you gain his power - or at least
  a similar power. You may pause the game at any time and switch to any single
  power you have. It supplants your regular Arm Cannon with a limited - but
  superior - ability. The weapon ammo is displayed next to your energy meter.
  There are eight of these, corresponding to the eight main levels, even though
  there are twenty-one levels in the entire game.
  .
  Enemies will often supply you with both energy and ammo refills. You can also
  collect Energy Tanks which can only be used once but will entirely restore your
  health. You start the game with three lives. Other features include Surprise
  Boxes lying around for you to find. There are infinite continues and a password
  feature to resume play at the beginning of any level.
release: 1999-09-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rockman 3 - Dr. Wily no Saigo! (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rockman 3 - Dr. Wily no Saigo! (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rockman 3 - Dr. Wily no Saigo! (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rockman 3 - Dr. Wily no Saigo! (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Rockman 4 - Aratanaru Yabou!! (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rockman 4 - Aratanaru Yabou!! (Japan)/Rockman 4 - Aratanaru Yabou!! (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mega Man 4 takes place in an unspecified year during the 21st century, described
  as the year "20XX". One year after the events of Mega Man 3 and the supposed
  demise of the evil Dr. Wily, Dr. Light receives a letter from a mysterious
  Russian scientist named Dr. Cossack claiming that he is the world's greatest
  robot engineer. Cossack states further that he will unleash his army of robots
  upon the world as a test for Light to see which of the two of them is the better
  inventor. Light calls upon his own greatest creation, the hero Mega Man, to go
  after Cossack's Robot Masters.
  .
  Upon defeating the eight Robot Masters—Toad Man, Bright Man, Pharaoh Man, Ring
  Man, Dust Man, Dive Man, Skull Man, and Drill Man—Mega Man makes his way to
  Cossack's icy fortress. However, in the middle of his battle with Cossack, Mega
  Man's ally Proto Man teleports in with Cossack's daughter, Kalinka. The girl
  begs Mega Man to halt his attack, elaborating that Dr. Wily had kidnapped her
  and coerced her father into building an army of robots.With his plan undone by
  Proto Man, Dr. Wily steps out of the shadows.[] Mega Man pursues his nemesis and
  fights through the newly built Skull Castle, but Wily manages to escape in the
  end.
release: 1999-10-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rockman 4 - Aratanaru Yabou!! (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rockman 4 - Aratanaru Yabou!! (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rockman 4 - Aratanaru Yabou!! (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rockman 4 - Aratanaru Yabou!! (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Rockman 5 - Blues no Wana! (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rockman 5 - Blues no Wana! (Japan)/Rockman 5 - Blues no Wana! (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mega Man 5, known as Rockman 5 Blues no Wana?! . "Rockman 5 Blues' Trap?!") in
  Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System
  (NES). It is the fifth game in the original Mega Man series and was originally
  released in Japan on December 4, 1992. It saw a release during the same month in
  North America and in November 1993 in Europe.
  .
  The plot takes place after the fourth defeat of the evil Dr. Wily at the hands
  of the heroic robot Mega Man in the year 20XX. Proto Man uncharacteristically
  leads a group of menacing robots in attacks on the world and kidnaps his own
  creator Dr. Light, leaving Mega Man little choice but to take up arms in a fight
  against his once trusted brother. Mega Man 5 carries over the same graphical
  style and action-platforming gameplay as the four preceding chapters in the
  series. The game introduces a new character, Beat, which the player can use as a
  weapon once a series of eight collectable letters are found.
  .
  Mega Man 5 was met with an average to fairly positive critical reception, with
  the one major complaint being its lack of originality in either its plot or
  gameplay. Like other NES games in the series, Mega Man 5 has been re-released in
  Japan on the PlayStation and mobile phones and in North America as part of the
  Mega Man Anniversary Collection.
release: 1999-11-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rockman 5 - Blues no Wana! (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rockman 5 - Blues no Wana! (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rockman 5 - Blues no Wana! (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rockman 5 - Blues no Wana! (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Rockman 6 - Shijou Saidai no Tatakai!! (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Rockman 6 - Shijou Saidai no Tatakai!! (Japan)/Rockman 6 - Shijou Saidai no Tatakai!! (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  In Mega Man 6, the whole world is alive and buzzing with word of the 1st Annual
  Robot Design Contest. Hundreds of robot designers from all corners of the globe
  enter their most powerful robots into the contest in hopes of taking home the
  ultimate prize. The sponsor of the contest, the mysterious Mr. X, suddenly
  declares that he has decided on winners...and takes 8 of the Robot Masters for
  his own purpose...taking over the world!! Mega Man confronts him and demands an
  explanation, and what Mr. X replies with shocks him. Mr. X declares to Mega Man
  that he had been using Dr. Wily as a puppet the entire time, and now he would
  take over the world, and nothing could stand in his way! Mega Man finally
  decides to stop Mr. X once and for all, and sets off to defeat his 8 new Robot
  Masters and then the madman himself!
release: 1999-08-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rockman 6 - Shijou Saidai no Tatakai!! (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rockman 6 - Shijou Saidai no Tatakai!! (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rockman 6 - Shijou Saidai no Tatakai!! (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rockman 6 - Shijou Saidai no Tatakai!! (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: SaGa Frontier (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/SaGa Frontier (USA)/SaGa Frontier (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Sony
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  SaGa Frontier is a Sony PlayStation role-playing game by Square, released in
  Japan on July 11, 1997. The game was later published by Sony Computer
  Entertainment (SCEA) in North America on March 25, 1998. It is the seventh game
  in the SaGa series and the first to be released on the PlayStation. The game was
  directed and produced by Akitoshi Kawazu with aid from chief planner Koichi
  Ishii and musical composer Kenji Ito.
  .
  When the game was re-issued in Japan in 2000 as part of the Square Millennium
  Collection, it included a collectible teacup set and a tee-shirt depicting the
  character Blue.
  .
  The plot of SaGa Frontier takes place in a science fiction/fantasy universe
  called the Regions, a group of worlds with varying degrees of culture, unique
  races, technology, and magic. The game allows the player to follow the exploits
  of one of seven protagonists, each with his or her own storyline and goal. The
  game's Free Scenario System offers a large amount of non-linear gameplay,
  allowing the player to freely travel between many of the Regions, interact with
  other characters, and take part in turn-based combat.
  .
  The basic concept of SaGa Frontier is based on its Free Scenario System, in
  which one can play as any of seven different protagonists, all of whom exist in
  the same setting: a solar system known as The Regions, a group of planets, each
  with its own culture, game-level of technology, and form of magic.
  .
  STORY:\n
  The player can choose any one of seven main characters to play as, each with
  their own storyline.
  .
  - Asellus, formerly a human girl, was run over by a carriage and given a blood
  transfusion by the Mystic Lord Orlouge. Chosen as the Charm Lord's heir, she is
  despised by human and mystic alike due to her status as the only half-Mystic in
  existence. She escapes Orlouge's castle with the help of the Princess White
  Rose. Asellus and White Rose remain on the run from Orlouge's many servants, but
  after White Rose sacrifices herself to save Asellus's life and freedom, Asellus
  decides to return and defeat Orlouge, to end the struggle once and for all.
  Depending on the actions the player does, there are three endings, in which she
  end live on as a human, half Mystic, or complete Mystic.
  .
  - Blue is a young mage fresh out of magic school. His quest is to collect the
  "Gift" for as many magics as possible. After that he is destined to fight his
  twin Rouge who has gained the opposite magics. Whichever brother survives
  obtains the other's magic and receives the sacred "Life" magic. It is revealed
  they were created artificially to produce the only wizard who could master all
  magical powers, even the conflicting pairs, and the duel is a mere formality to
  establish the dominant persona. Afterwards, Blue/Rouge descends into Hell to
  fight the demons who attacked his home.
  .
  - Emelia is a blonde ex-con and secret agent formerly working as a model. Her
  story begins when her fiance Ren was murdered by a mysterious villain known as
  the "Joker". Wrongfully accused of the crime, she was sentenced to imprisonment
  in Despair, where she met Annie and Liza. With their help, they complete a
  competition the warden created to receive a full pardon for their crimes. After
  their escape, Emelia was recruited by the two to join the secret organization
  Gradius, which was also hunting for the "Joker".
  .
  - Lute is a carefree bard whose mother kicked him out of the house until Lute
  found a decent job. He stumbles face-first into a plot involving Trinity general
  Mondo and resistance leader Captain Hamilton, and the legacy of Lute's deceased
  father, who was betrayed and killed by Mondo.
  .
  - Red is a teenage boy whose family is destroyed by the criminal syndicate
  called Black X. After being rescued from the same fate by the masked superhero
  named Alkarl, he is granted the identity of the superhero Alkaiser. After
  destroying several Black X bases and their main stronghold, Red stands at his
  father's grave, and Alkarl appears to take Red's powers away, making him a
  normal man again. It turns out that Alkarl was Red's father's friend, Hawk, and
  Red will not be able to live a "normal" life for long.
  .
  - Riki (Known as Coon in the Japanese release) is a Lummox, a fox-like creature,
  and one of the last remaining inhabitants of the mysterious world, Margmel.
  Determined to save his homeworld, he seeks the Rings of Margmel. In his search,
  he starts out in Scrap, where he finds the researcher Mei-ling. Riki's quest
  takes him around the regions to gather the Rings until he comes face to face
  with Virgil, a Mystic Lord. Following the battle, Riki returns home to attempt
  to restore Margmel, but faces Mei-Ling, who is under the control of the Rings.
  .
  - T260G is an ancient Mec, a model constructed from junk parts, awakened in
  modern times. Originally part of a combat ship with a mission against
  RB3[clarification needed], it lost its memory when it crashed into Junk. With
  help of Leonard, a human who transferred his memories into a Mec, and Gen, a
  master swordsman, it recovers its memory and finishes the job.
release: 1998-03-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SaGa Frontier (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SaGa Frontier (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/SaGa Frontier (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SaGa Frontier (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/SaGa Frontier (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: SaGa Frontier 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/SaGa Frontier 2 (USA)/SaGa Frontier 2 (USA).json
developer: Square
publisher: Square
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  SaGa Frontier 2 has two separate storylines: The history of Gustave XIII of
  Finney (AKA Gustave the Steel), and the Knights family. The game takes place in
  the land of Sandail, roughly in the years 1200-1300.
  .
  Gustave XIII is the former prince of Thermes, and successor to the throne of
  Gustave XII. He is exiled by his father when, at the age of 7, he fails the
  Firebrand Ceremony due to an inability to ignite a sword through manifestation
  of his Anima. His mother, Queen Sophie, unsuccessfully tries to prevent Gustave
  XIII's banishment. She and Gustave XIII are banished from the castle by Gustave
  XII and are forced to live in the slums of Thermes, and are forbidden to leave
  for Nohl.
  .
  Master Cielmer asks Gustave XII for permission to leave the King's Employ and to
  depart Thermes. His request is granted. Cielmer uses this opportunity to sneak
  Gustav XIII and the Queen to Gruegel. Gustave will set neither foot nor sights
  on Thermes, Finney, or Merchmin for another 20 years. Shortly after the death of
  his mother and his conquering Wide, Gustave hears of the death of his father and
  heads to the Finney kingdom to take the throne. He gives the throne to his
  brother Phillipe. Gustave dies at the age of 49 in one of his forts.
  .
  The secondary playable storyline in the game is that of Wil Knights, and his
  journey to learn the secrets of the soul-stealing entity known as 'The Egg'.
  Wil's story spans three generations of his family, and is intertwined within the
  storyline of Gustave XIII.
release: 2000-02-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SaGa Frontier 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SaGa Frontier 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/SaGa Frontier 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SaGa Frontier 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/SaGa Frontier 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Saiyuki - Journey West (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Saiyuki - Journey West (USA)/Saiyuki - Journey West (USA).json
developer: Koei
publisher: Koei Co., Ltd.
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Saiyuki: Journey West is a title that weaves the tale of a fantastic quest
  featuring tactical medieval combat between people and creatures with a host of
  bizarre powers. Saiyuki: Journey West is based on one of the most famous Chinese
  folk tales; the journey of the monk Sanzo to India and back from his native
  land. Sanzo has the power to call forth powerful guardians to aid him in times
  of need, and as his quest progresses, so will the strength of his summoning.
  Along the way he encounters a whole host of characters and situations, and most
  of the allies he meets will have the peculiar power to mutate into monstrous
  were-creatures that possess enhanced powers.
  .
  Saiyuki is a tactical/strategy RPG that centers around an adolescent named Sanzo
  or Genjo, depending on whether players should choose the character to be male or
  female. The main character was found in a basket floating down a river in a way
  not unlike the Holy Bible's Moses, then adopted by some monks in China. The
  story kicks off when a goddess named Lady Kannon appears to Sanzo/Genjo and
  tells him/her to deliver a thunder staff to a sacred temple in India. Kannon
  then provides a staff to to the hero, the monks bid him you farewell and good
  luck, and then players take off for a journey West.
  .
  Players will journey as Sanzo or Genjo, taking on an expanding cast of
  characters to help win the day. The path through the game is very linear,
  comparable to Final Fantasy Tactics, and focuses on squad combat. All of the
  player-controlled characters aside from Sanzo have alternate were-forms they can
  slip in and out of at any given point in the fight. Yet finding the right time
  to alter one's form is the key to the battle, since transitions can take quite a
  bit out of the individual and can only occur once during a single combat.
  .
  Although Saiyuki: Journey West does rely on skill management in relation to the
  were-forms and Sanzo's guardian magic, the complexities of similar tactical
  combat games have been put aside. But the key to this game is the fighting. Most
  time on the battlefield is spent attempting to correctly place troops in order
  to get a jump on your enemies. Each character is attuned to a certain element,
  as are the enemies. A good deal of the game's strategy comes in finding which
  element is more powerful against which, and then exploiting the strengths and
  weaknesses of the opponents' elemental stature.
release: 1999-11-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Saiyuki - Journey West (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Saiyuki - Journey West (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Saiyuki - Journey West (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Saiyuki - Journey West (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Saiyuki - Journey West (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Santa Claus Saves the Earth (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Santa Claus Saves the Earth (Europe)/Santa Claus Saves the Earth (Europe).json
developer: Telegames
publisher: Telegames
genre: Platform
description:
  Only one day left until Christmas! Little children all over the world are
  anxiously awaiting Santa's visit. Meanwhile, very deep underground lives a
  wicked fairy, Nilam. She has a magic pot that allows her to see everywhere in
  the world. She looked into her pot and saw Santa and his helpers packing
  presents for all the children and became furious that so much joy existed in the
  world. Nilam concocted a spell that enchanted Santa and locked him in her magic
  lands. You must help Santa escape the worlds controlled by Nilam, so that he can
  complete his Christmas Eve mission. Only a few hours remain, so get cracking.
release: 2002-11-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Santa Claus Saves the Earth (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Santa Claus Saves the Earth (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Santa Claus Saves the Earth (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Santa Claus Saves the Earth (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Santa Claus Saves the Earth (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shadow Madness (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Shadow Madness (USA)/Shadow Madness (USA).json
developer: Craveyard
publisher: Crave
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Stinger returned home one morning after a night out of town to a horrible
  surprise. A mysterious force had destroyed his coastal hometown, leaving few
  survivors. Unable to even determine the remains of his own house, the young man
  was now an orphan. Upon meeting a mystic named Windleaf, the two decided to
  embark upon a journey to find out what happened.
  .
  Their adventure in Shadow Madness will span across the entire fantastic world of
  Arkose, even to the unexplored area known as Wyldern. Meeting up with four other
  unique warriors along the way (the droid-like Harv-5, a magical floating head
  named Xero Von Moon, a cyborg-like Gadgeteer called Clemett and Wyldern-native
  Jirina), the group strives to seek out and destroy the source of Arkose's
  destruction.
  .
  In classic RPG style, they'll confront evil minions through random encounters,
  avoidable if the party hides quickly enough upon hearing the wild sounds of the
  enemy. After each successful encounter, the party is rewarded with experience
  points, often accompanied by gold and items useful to its journey. Once
  characters have enough experience points, they advance in level, increasing such
  abilities as attack strength, defense, agility (ability to evade attacks),
  prowess (ability to strike hits) and speed (how often they can attack).
release: 1999-06-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shadow Madness (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shadow Madness (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shadow Madness (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shadow Madness (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shadow Madness (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shadow Tower (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Shadow Tower (USA)/Shadow Tower (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: Agetec
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  The dark shadow of the single-eyed crown reigned over the holy land of Zepter.
  The sealed, once-proud tower protecting the crown and and the Demon King is
  about to disappear into the earth, taking what remains of the town with it.
  Your quest takes you below the tower, where you must seek out and destroy the
  evil king, and retrieve his potent crown.  Remain strong and true-of-heart, for
  there are legions of demons intent on raping your soul and leaving the remains.
  The evil lurks everywhere...
release: 1999-11-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shadow Tower (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shadow Tower (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shadow Tower (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shadow Tower (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shadow Tower (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sheep (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Sheep (USA)/Sheep (USA).json
developer: Minds Eye Productions
publisher: Empire Interactive
genre: Action;Puzzle;Strategy
description:
  Sheep is a combination strategy and puzzle game, featuring light elements of war
  or battle simulations, built around a wacky story in which space-faring alien
  explorers from millennia ago devolve into domesticated sheep on Earth. Now their
  ancestors are trying to round them up by secretly enlisting the aid of two
  humans (Bo Peep and Adam Half Pint) and two animals (a sheepdog and a pet)
  through subliminal mind control.
  .
  Players take the role of the Earthly "herders" to lead the flocks through six
  worlds with multiple levels, eventually reaching special rendezvous point where
  they'll be loaded onto UFOs for the trip back to their home world of Ovis Aries.
  No direct control is exerted on the sheep so players must manipulate objects and
  obstacles, as well as rely on the strengths of each herder, to accomplish the
  tasks. Levels have time limits and a minimum number of sheep to be saved from
  each flock.
release: 2000-11-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sheep (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sheep (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sheep (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sheep (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sheep (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Silent Hill (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Silent Hill (USA)/Silent Hill (USA).json
developer: Team Silent
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  A young man searching for his daughter struggling to exist in a place between
  reality and hell. A town hiding gruesome, dark secrets. Follow a trail of blood
  and mutilation to snatch a loved one from the\n
  Clutches of a demonic power. Enter an alternate dimension\n
  Where death is no escape.
release: 1999-01-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Silent Hill (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: SimCity 2000 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/SimCity 2000 (USA)/SimCity 2000 (USA).json
developer: Maxis
publisher: Maxis
genre: Strategy;Management;Government
description:
  SimCity 2000 puts an entire city in the palm of your hand. SimCity 2000 lets you
  create, build, and run a city of your own. Take on the role as a mayor and call
  the shots for the entire city. You'll have to keep up on the housing,
  industries, mass transportation, and commerce to attract potential citizens. And
  just when you think you have it under control, a natural disaster or alien
  invasion may occur to set you back. However, if you can conquer all of these
  problems, you just might be able to turn a small town into a thriving
  metropolis.
release: 1993
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SimCity 2000 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SimCity 2000 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/SimCity 2000 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SimCity 2000 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/SimCity 2000 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Space Invaders (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Space Invaders (USA)/Space Invaders (USA).json
developer: Z-Axis, Ltd.
publisher: Activision
genre: Action
description:
  In 1978, Earth successfully repulsed an invasion from outer space thanks to "the
  Tank." The Tank was based on alien technology found when a scout ship had
  crashed years earlier. Now, over 20 years later, a new Tank has been created
  based on the technology recovered during the 1978 invasion. And none too soon,
  because the Invaders are back!
release: 1999-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Space Invaders (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Space Invaders (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Space Invaders (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Space Invaders (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Space Invaders (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Spawn - The Eternal (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Spawn - The Eternal (USA)/Spawn - The Eternal (USA).json
developer: Sony
publisher: Sony
genre: Action;Fighting
description:
  Spawn: The Eternal is based on Todd McFarlane's Spawn comics. The game switches
  back and forth between two styles of play. There's an exploration mode, which is
  along the lines of Tomb Raider. Spawn must climb and jump his way through a
  variety of environmental obstacles while smashing crates and furniture to find
  power-ups.
  .
  When you approach an enemy, however, the engine switches into something between
  a 3D fighting game and an old-fashioned side-scrolling beat-em-up. Spawn must
  defeat one or more enemies, who may be surrounding him before he can continue.
release: 1997-12-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spawn - The Eternal (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spawn - The Eternal (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spawn - The Eternal (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spawn - The Eternal (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spawn - The Eternal (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Spider-Man (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Spider-Man (USA)/Spider-Man (USA).json
developer: Neversoft Entertainment
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Marvel Comics' friendly neighborhood wall-crawler makes his 3D debut with
  Spider-Man for the PlayStation. Bitten by a radioactive spider, Peter Parker
  (a.ka. Spider-Man) has super-human strength, the reflexes and agility of a
  spider, the ability to stick to walls and most other surfaces and Spider-Sense,
  which is an internal sensor that warns him of pending danger. He used his
  scientific skills to formulate a webbing substance, which he shoots from a
  device affixed to his wrists.
  .
  In this game, patterned closely after the comics, Peter Parker was attending a
  science exposition given by the now benevolent Dr. Otto Octavius (formerly known
  as Dr. Octopus) when all hell broke loose. Someone dressed in a Spider-Man
  costume stormed the building, took out the guards and stole the doctor's new
  technology. Now, the police and everyone in New York City assume the superhero
  is a thieving swine.
  .
  Adding to the confusion is Eddie Brock, the human half of the symbiotic
  supervillain named Venom; his attendance at the exposition is baffling. As
  Spider-Man, you must get to the bottom of the mysterious happenings, clear your
  name and make New York City safe (relatively speaking) once again.
  .
  You control the arachnid superhero as he swings through the city, going in and
  on top of buildings and pummeling bad guys and other supervillians. Just like
  Spider-Man's comic book crusades, you can run, jump, punch, kick, stick to
  surfaces and shoot webs. Your webs enable you to swing through the city and
  yank, pull and trap enemies; you can also use the webbing to create spiked
  gloves, projectiles and a shield dome. Additionally, you can use combinations of
  punching, kicking and webbing for a more fierce and effective attack.
  .
  Missions in Spider-Man include infiltrating a bank for a search-and-rescue,
  saving Daily Bugle editor J. Jonah Jameson's bacon from the deadly Scorpion,
  chasing Venom (who has kidnapped your girl) through the city and dodging bullets
  from well-intentioned police. You'll run across fellow superheroes such as Black
  Cat, Captain America and Daredevil and battle Marvel villains such as Mysterio,
  Rhino and Carnage. There are eight levels in all. Keep an eye out for the
  Fantastic Four headquarters, which shares the city skyline with such familiar
  structures as the Statue of Liberty.
  .
  Throughout the game, you can pick up web and health cartridges and armor. Helper
  icons appear as aids for less experienced players. Walking into one of these
  will give you helpful information such as how to use your webbing and how to
  solve certain puzzles. You can also find special alternative costumes that will
  help you overcome difficult adversaries. A Spider-Compass positioned at the
  bottom right of the screen will help you find your way through certain sections
  of the various levels, and Spider-Sense, issued forth via vibration function on
  the controller, emits when danger is nearby.
  .
  If you're not ready for the demands of being a professional superhero, you can
  enter a Practice mode that offers the following training sessions: Time Attack,
  Survival Mode, Speed Training, Target Practice and Item Collection. In the
  standard game, you can choose from four skill levels -- Kid, Easy, Normal and
  Hard.
  .
  Spider-Man includes a number of extras that you can unlock throughout the game
  such as the ability to watch mini-movies and view a character gallery. You can
  also collect comic book icons that reveal actual comic book covers in reference
  to historic events in Spider-Man's crime fighting career. Stan Lee, co-creator
  of Spider-Man, narrates the action, and Rino Romano, voice of the cartoon
  Spider-Man, reprises his vocal role as the wisecracking web-slinger.
release: 2000-08-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spider-Man (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spider-Man (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spider-Man (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spider-Man (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spider-Man (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Spider-Man 2 - Enter - Electro (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Spider-Man 2 - Enter - Electro (USA)/Spider-Man 2 - Enter - Electro (USA).json
developer: Vicarious Visions
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Spider-Man 2 - Enter: Electro is the second PlayStation game to feature
  Spider-Man, and also serves as the sequel to the 2000 video game Spider-Man.
  This game follows Spider-man as he attempts to stop his old enemy Electro from
  obtaining a source of power called the Bio-Nexus Device. Game bosses included
  Hammerhead, Lizard, Sandman, Shocker and the exclusive charged-up Hyper-Electro.
  .
  This sequel to Activision's 2000 multi-platform Spider-Man release features the
  title villain in a diabolical scheme to construct a device that will amplify his
  strange electricity-based powers and make him virtually unstoppable. Players
  take the role of their friendly neighborhood Spider-Man to foil Electro's plan
  before it's too late. Movement and camera angles are similar to those of the
  first Spider-Man game, though Spidey has a few new web-slinging abilities in
  this title and is challenged by some sophisticated puzzle-solving and complex
  action sequences. Once again, Marvel Comics' legendary Stan Lee provides
  narration for this adventure.
release: 2001-10-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spider-Man 2 - Enter - Electro (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spider-Man 2 - Enter - Electro (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spider-Man 2 - Enter - Electro (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spider-Man 2 - Enter - Electro (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spider-Man 2 - Enter - Electro (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Spin Jam (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Spin Jam (USA)/Spin Jam (USA).json
developer: Empire Interactive
publisher: Empire Interactive
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Spin Jam is a puzzle game that involves aiming colored bubbles at flower petals.
  When three bubbles are united with their respective colored petal, the petal
  will burst. When all petals burst, you've defeated the level. Arcade mode is one
  of three separate ways to play Spin Jam. In it, you must challenge your skills
  in 100 levels. Each level will get more difficult, and you'll discover more
  twists and turns as you advance.
  .
  Battle mode lets you and a friend compete in a head-to-head match. The winner is
  the first to explode their screen's petals. Story mode is like a single-player
  version of the Battle mode. You'll progress through each character's series of
  "planets" to get a shot at defeating an evil dictator named Moolamb. Eight
  characters are initially available, with more waiting to be unlocked. Use
  special bubbles as power-ups to help you clear each color-changing petal.
release: 2000-08-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spin Jam (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spin Jam (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spin Jam (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spin Jam (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spin Jam (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Spyro the Dragon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Spyro the Dragon (USA)/Spyro the Dragon (USA).json
developer: Insomniac Games
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  He's cute. He's purple. A nasty burp could send those in his vicinity to the
  burn unit. Allow us to introduce you to Spyro the Dragon. In his debut
  adventure, Spyro must free his fellow fire-breathers from their crystalline
  prisons that are located across six worlds. He'll have to run, jump, glide,
  walk, roll, and fly his way through each of the 35 levels. And when things get
  physical, he can use a number of attacks on enemies, including fireballs, charge
  attacks, and superflames.
release: 1998-09-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spyro the Dragon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spyro the Dragon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spyro the Dragon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spyro the Dragon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spyro the Dragon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 1 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 1 (USA)/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 1 (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Square Electronic Arts L.L.C.
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  SquareSoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 1 is a Miscellaneous game,
  developed and published by SquareSoft, which was released in 1998.
release: 1998
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 2 (USA) (Final Fantasy VIII Demo)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 2 (USA) (Final Fantasy VIII Demo)/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 2 (USA) (Final Fantasy VIII Demo).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Square Electronic Arts L.L.C.
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  SquareSoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 2 is a Miscellaneous game,
  developed and published by SquareSoft, which was released in 1998.
release: 1998
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 2 (USA) (Final Fantasy VIII Demo).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 2 (USA) (Final Fantasy VIII Demo).jpg
assets.background: Background/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 2 (USA) (Final Fantasy VIII Demo).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Squaresoft on PlayStation 1998 Collector's CD Vol. 2 (USA) (Final Fantasy VIII Demo).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Squaresoft on PlayStation 2000 Collector's CD Vol. 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Squaresoft on PlayStation 2000 Collector's CD Vol. 3 (USA)/Squaresoft on PlayStation 2000 Collector's CD Vol. 3 (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Square Electronic Arts L.L.C.
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  SquareSoft on PlayStation 2000 Collector's CD Vol. 3 is a Miscellaneous game,
  developed and published by SquareSoft, which was released in 2000.
release: 2000
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Squaresoft on PlayStation 2000 Collector's CD Vol. 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Squaresoft on PlayStation 2000 Collector's CD Vol. 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Squaresoft on PlayStation 2000 Collector's CD Vol. 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Squaresoft on PlayStation 2000 Collector's CD Vol. 3 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Squaresoft on PlayStation Previews (USA) (Final Fantasy VII Demo)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Squaresoft on PlayStation Previews (USA) (Final Fantasy VII Demo)/Squaresoft on PlayStation Previews (USA) (Final Fantasy VII Demo).json
developer: SquareSoft
publisher: SquareSoft
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  Inside playable demos of Final Fantasy VII and Bushido Blade and video clips of
  Final Fantasy Tactics and Saga Frontier.
release: 1997
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Squaresoft on PlayStation Previews (USA) (Final Fantasy VII Demo).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Squaresoft on PlayStation Previews (USA) (Final Fantasy VII Demo).jpg
assets.background: Background/Squaresoft on PlayStation Previews (USA) (Final Fantasy VII Demo).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Squaresoft on PlayStation Previews (USA) (Final Fantasy VII Demo).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Star Ocean - The Second Story (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Star Ocean - The Second Story (USA)/Star Ocean - The Second Story (USA).json
developer: tri-Ace
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The game gives the player the choice of playing as Rena or Claude, with the
  journey evolving and ending differently depending on the choices one makes.
  .
  Star Ocean: The Second Story is a world of magic, science, space travel and
  deadly demons! Enter a world where love knows no bounds, the evil is neverending
  and good can overcome all if the heart is just and true. Featuring three battle
  modes, the ability to master skills to create items and an emotional level for
  each of the characters, Enix has pulled out all the stops in their latest (and
  first) title to be brought to the North American PlayStation.
  .
  Star Ocean: The Second Story takes place twenty years after the original game,
  Star Ocean. Roughly the first half of the plot of the game takes place on the
  planet Expel, an underdeveloped planet on the verge of its industrial age. On
  Expel kings still rule over great kingdoms, swords and sorcery dominate the
  battlefield, and sailing ships are still made from wood. According to a
  Federation law, named the Undeveloped Planet Protection Treaty, a planet with
  such a level of civilization may not be directly contacted under any but the
  most dire circumstances—and even then, contact must be minimal and secretive.
  This law is reminiscent of Star Trek's Prime Directive.
release: 1999-07-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Ocean - The Second Story (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Ocean - The Second Story (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Ocean - The Second Story (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Ocean - The Second Story (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Ocean - The Second Story (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA)/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).json
developer: LucasArts
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Shooter
description:
  Kyle Katarn is a former Imperial officer turned mercenary, now hired by the
  Rebel Alliance. After having stolen the Death Star plans from a remote facility,
  he is tasked with investigating the sudden destruction of a hidden Rebel base.
  This leads him to face off against Imperial General Rom Mohc and the various
  iterations of his "Dark Troopers" - cybernetic soldiers with the armor and
  firepower to turn the tide of the war.
  .
  Dark Forces is a close prequel to the original Star Wars movie trilogy. The game
  marks LucasArts' first attempt to enter the first-person shooter market. Instead
  of licensing the Doom engine, like many competitors, LucasArts created its own
  internal "Jedi" engine. The Jedi engine contains advanced features over similar
  tech, including the ability to look up and down, jump, crouch, and limited
  support (in the build used for Dark Forces) for rooms (sectors) over rooms. 3D
  models also make occasional appearances inside the game, as turrets or Kyle's
  ship dropping him off or picking him up from each mission.
release: 1996-11-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Steel Harbinger (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Steel Harbinger (USA)/Steel Harbinger (USA).json
developer: Mindscape
publisher: Mindscape
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  It's the year 2069 and the Earth is under attack. Prior to landing, aliens
  shower the world with thousands of pods, unleashing a force so destructive that
  all of Earth's armies are powerless to stop it. A legion of teaming metallic
  tendrils bursts from the pods, infecting nearly every living life form,
  including humans, animals, plants, and insects, transforming them into mindless
  killing machines. Dwindling in numbers by the minute, the Earth and all of her
  citizens are quickly becoming ripe for invasion. During the infestation, Miranda
  gets partially infected by the tendrils, which turn her body into a powerful
  weapon but leave her with her basic human instincts intact. With guidance from
  her scientist father Dr. Bowen, Miranda is the only one powerful enough to save
  the world.
  .
  In Steel Harbinger, a darkly futuristic running, jumping, 3-D shoot-'em-up, you
  must guide Miranda through certain areas of Kansas, Las Vegas, San Francisco,
  Houston, Cape Canaveral, Washington, the Antarctic, an alien planetoid, and the
  Moon. In each level you'll have specific missions to accomplish such as killing
  aliens, finding special weapons, saving humans, opening secret rooms, activating
  defense facilities, and destroying key enemy sites. You can teleport between
  locations by finding teleport cards and telepads. Access to specific buildings
  and other restricted areas can be gained with pass cards that you will find
  hidden throughout the levels. In addition to the standard action, you can also
  commandeer trucks, hovercraft, floating discs, and tanks.
release: 1996-10-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Steel Harbinger (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Steel Harbinger (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Steel Harbinger (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Steel Harbinger (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Steel Harbinger (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Strider 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Strider 2 (USA)/Strider 2 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action
description:
  Strider 2 is a fast-paced, arcade-style action game. Unlike its predecessor, it
  features 2D animations placed on 3D backgrounds. There is a range of new moves
  including a double jump, backward somersault and dash, which allows him to
  perform longer jumps. He also has the ability to boost his weapon, the Cypher
  sword, enabling it to release homing plasma waves. There is also a Savage Slash
  attack, with random slashes.
  .
  There are numerous bonuses that can be collected in the levels. These either
  boost Strider's vitality, increase the power of his sword or increase the
  player's game score. Another addition to the game is a Boss Gauge which lets the
  player know how much energy the mid- or end of level boss has left before it
  dies.
release: 2000-07-13
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Strider 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Strider 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Strider 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Strider 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Strider 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Suikoden (USA) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Suikoden (USA) (v1.1)/Suikoden (USA) (v1.1).json
developer: KCET
publisher: Konami
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  In this epic role-playing adventure, you will roam the land trying to build an
  army of rebels. On your quest for freedom from the Scarlet Moon Empire, you will
  meet many people who will provide you with guidance and friendship--and many who
  will try to crush you under their boots. Let your head and heart guide you,k but
  a word of advice; a sharpened sword and a touch of magic will lead to a longer
  life!
  .
  Change your party of characters using any of over 100 recruits that you meet on
  your mission.
  .
  Build a castle fortress to headquarter your army.
  .
  Watch the castle grow as your recruits use their unique talents: mages teach you
  the secret of magical runes; soldiers open an armory; builders construct
  enhancements; and much, much more.
  .
  Unravel the secret of the Empire, unlock the meaning of the 27 True Runes, and
  discover the 108 Stars of Destiny.
  .
  Multiple battle modes--one-on-one duels, banded fights, even full-scale army vs.
  army.
  .
  With a deep, complex story based on ancient Eastern lore, this game will provide
  you with hours and hours of exciting RPG action and adventure.
release: 1997-04-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Suikoden (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Suikoden (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Suikoden (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Suikoden (USA) (v1.1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Suikoden (USA) (v1.1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Suikoden II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Suikoden II (USA)/Suikoden II (USA).json
developer: KCET
publisher: Konami
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Experience An Epic Tale Of Warfare, Magic, Friendship, And Betrayal.
  .
  New tactical map battles add a whole new level of strategy.\n
  Fantastic spells with stunning animation sequences and Specialized attacks\n
  Over 108 different characters can join your party and help you on your quest\n
  Unlock hidden storylines using your memory card data from the original
  Suikoden\n
  Build up your castle during the course of the game to thriving virtual community
release: 2000-07-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Suikoden II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Suikoden II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Suikoden II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Suikoden II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Suikoden II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo (USA)/Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Puzzle
description:
  A Tetris-like puzzle game featuring popular characters from many Capcom games.
  .
  Colored gems fall from the top of the screen in pairs, but this time lining up
  those of the same color is not enough. To break the gems and punish your
  opponent with counter gems you have to place a crash gem of the same color next
  to the gems. If you make a block of gems of the same color they'll fuse, forming
  a power gem. Breaking a power gem sends more counter gems to your opponent than
  breaking the same amount of gems in some other configuration. But the ultimate
  attack is breaking power gems in chain.
release: 1996-11-30
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Syphon Filter (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Syphon Filter (USA)/Syphon Filter (USA).json
developer: Eidetic
publisher: 989 Studios
genre: Action;Stealth
description:
  Gabriel Logan, one of the government's top covert agents, must neutralize the
  terrorists that threaten Washington D.C. and destroy a biological weapon that
  has been built to end the lives of millions of innocent people.
  .
  Syphon Filter is an action game played from the 3rd person. Players take the
  role of Gabiel Logan as well as other CBDC agents. To successfully complete the
  mission, players must utilize each of the character's skills accordingly. Logan
  is able to kneel, crouch, walk, roll, climb, jump and run to meet his
  objectives.
  .
  The action unfolds over thirteen missions that are chock full of dangers,
  hazards and puzzles.
release: 1999-02-17
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Syphon Filter (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Syphon Filter (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Syphon Filter (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Syphon Filter (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Syphon Filter (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: T.R.A.G. - Mission of Mercy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/T.R.A.G. - Mission of Mercy (USA)/T.R.A.G. - Mission of Mercy (USA).json
developer: Sunsoft
publisher: Sunsoft
genre: Action
description:
  As a member of the specialist force T.R.A.G, or "Tactical Rescue Assault Group,"
  you're tasked with infiltrating the Togusa building and eliminating the
  terrorist threat inside. Inevitably, things don't go as planned, leaving only
  two members of the team alive, with no contact to the outside world.
  .
  After selecting the male Alex or female Michelle, players must work their way
  through the building, destroying enemy units, solving puzzles, and defeating
  boss characters in order to advance.
  .
  The caveat however, is that the two team members must work together, requiring
  players to constantly switch between both characters to complete the tasks at
  hand. Each character is armed with a unique weapon as well as an array of basic
  combination attacks executed via simple button and D-pad presses.
release: 1998-12-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/T.R.A.G. - Mission of Mercy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/T.R.A.G. - Mission of Mercy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/T.R.A.G. - Mission of Mercy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/T.R.A.G. - Mission of Mercy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/T.R.A.G. - Mission of Mercy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tales of Phantasia (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tales of Phantasia (Japan)/Tales of Phantasia (Japan).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Tales of Phantasia was remade three years after its Super Famicom release, for
  the PlayStation. The remake runs on an enhanced engine and benefits from all the
  enhancements and refinements to the gameplay it had to offer. For example,
  Chester, who relied on brute force in the Super Famicom version, was given nine
  TP-consuming moves, which carried over into future versions. Also carried over
  from Tales of Destiny was the voice-acted face chats (skits), but now the user
  simply needs to push select on the world map to see them, rather than stand
  still for awhile on the world map as in ToD. In addition, it gave birth to many
  new features still seen in modern Tales sequels today, such as cooking, and
  titles.
release: 1998-12-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tales of Phantasia (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tales of Phantasia (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tales of Phantasia (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tales of Phantasia (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tales of Phantasia (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tall - Infinity (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tall - Infinity (USA)/Tall - Infinity (USA).json
developer: Hamster Co.
publisher: Agetec
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Tall Infinity is a single-player puzzle game where users manipulate
  multi-colored blocks to construct a tower. The main game consists of eight
  stages, with players needing to complete ten floors of the tower to pass each
  stage. Players must avoid unnecessary moves or risk losing the game. There are
  three difficulty levels, and two additional game modes: time attack and endless
  play.
release: 2003-08-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tall - Infinity (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tall - Infinity (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tall - Infinity (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tall - Infinity (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tall - Infinity (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: TechnoMage - Return of Eternity (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/TechnoMage - Return of Eternity (Europe)/TechnoMage - Return of Eternity (Europe).json
developer: Sunflowers
publisher: Infogrames, Inc.
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Technomage is a video game released by German game developer Sunflowers.
  Technomage was only released in PAL territories.
  .
  The player character, Melvin, must save the world of Gothos from destruction.
  The people of Gothos are split into two types, the magic using Dreamers, and the
  technological Steamers. Melvin is half Dreamer, half Steamer. Melvin starts in
  his hometown of Dreamertown, when it is attacked by monsters. He is blamed, and
  taken to trial to be exiled. His uncle then teaches you the "basics", pending
  your exile. This section serves as the tutorial stage. After this you leave
  Dreamertown and head to Steamertown, on your adventure to find your father.
  .
  TechnoMage: Return of Eternity is a hybrid game that incorporates elements of
  adventure, role-playing, and action-based combat. Many of the game's missions
  involve peaceful wandering through the environments, talking to characters, and
  performing tasks that often involve solving puzzles of various kinds, in an
  adventure-like fashion. RPG elements are present in experience points which the
  hero receives form eliminating enemies and completing quests.
  .
  STORY:\n
  After passing Steamertown, Melvin enters a huge underground labyrinth called
  "The Hive", where his father vanished during an expedition. The Hive is a vast
  network built by the former rulers of Gothos. It contains grave complexes,
  libraries and laboratories; Melvin finds the first crystal of eternity there.
  When he leaves the Hive, he steps into the Great Forest, the realm of the
  fairies. They suffer from goblin uproars which are stopped by Melvin who then
  joins a pair of Shach traders on their journey to the canyon. Here, Melvin
  encounters Dagomar for the first time, the last survivor of the former rulers of
  Gothos. He acts as Melvin's mentor and guide. Also, Melvin befriends Talis, a
  girl who lives in exile because she also is half Dreamer, half Steamer.
  .
  After clearing the canyon's mines, they travel to the tower, the former rulers'
  fortress of knowledge, which is now haunted by an undead dragon. As Melvin kills
  the dragon, another dragon is freed who takes Melvin to the volcano, which is
  where the Shach traders live. In the deeper levels of the volcano's caves,
  Melvin discovers more artifacts and buildings from the former rulers, as well as
  a map which leads him, talis and the dragon to the ancient ruins of the former
  capital of Gothos. Here, Dagomar drops his disguise and Melvin has to find out
  that he is Ramogad, the traitor who led to the downfall of the former rulers.
  After a big fight against Ramogad, Melvin uses the crystals of eternity found in
  the different regions of Gothos to reactivate both a stasis trap to stop Ramogad
  and a barrier device which uses a magic liquid to shield Gothos from the demon
  realms below. Talis then helps Melvin to escape the collapsing ruins and they
  fly across the ocean towards the sun.
release: 2001-06-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/TechnoMage - Return of Eternity (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/TechnoMage - Return of Eternity (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/TechnoMage - Return of Eternity (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/TechnoMage - Return of Eternity (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/TechnoMage - Return of Eternity (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tecmo's Deception - Invitation to Darkness (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tecmo's Deception - Invitation to Darkness (USA)/Tecmo's Deception - Invitation to Darkness (USA).json
developer: Tecmo
publisher: Tecmo
genre: Horror;Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  The game opens with you (as the elder Prince) speaking with your father (the
  King) about your recent journey abroad with your fiance Fiana, when suddenly
  your father topples from his throne, dead...with your sword sticking out from
  his back! Your brother just happens to be in the kings chambers with you at the
  time and calls for the guards, claiming that you killed their father.
  .
  You are promptly sentenced to death in the town square. Your dying wish is that
  whomever framed you be brought to justice and that your life be spared...oh, you
  also yell out something to the fact that you would even sell your soul to Satan
  if your wish could be granted...Guess what, the devil just happened to be
  listening to you.
  .
  After your death, you are visited by one of his messengers, a woman named
  Astarte. She informs you that your life has been spared (in a way) but the catch
  is that you must spend the rest of your "life" as the master of a mansion. As
  part of the deal, you must lure people into the mansion and sacrifice their
  souls to Satan himself...
release: 1996-07-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tecmo's Deception - Invitation to Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tecmo's Deception - Invitation to Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tecmo's Deception - Invitation to Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tecmo's Deception - Invitation to Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tecmo's Deception - Invitation to Darkness (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tekken 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tekken 3 (USA)/Tekken 3 (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Fighting
description:
  Tekken 3 maintains the same core fighting system and concept as its
  predecessors, but brings many improvements, such as significantly more detailed
  graphics and animations, fifteen new characters added to the game's roster, more
  modern music and faster and more fluid gameplay.
release: 1998-04-29
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tekken 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tekken 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tekken 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tekken 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tekken 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tetris Plus (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tetris Plus (USA)/Tetris Plus (USA).json
developer: Natsume
publisher: Jaleco
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Tetris Plus is a puzzle video game developed by Natsume and published by Jaleco
  for arcades exclusively in Japan in 1996, and was ported to the Game Boy, Sega
  Saturn, and PlayStation later that year. The game would be followed by a sequel,
  Tetris Plus 2, in 1997.
  .
  GAMEPLAY:\n
  The game consists of two main modes, Classic Mode and Puzzle Mode. Classic Mode
  functions like the original Tetris game for the Game Boy except with different
  music and visuals. However, because the cartridge has battery-powered SRAM, it
  also has the ability to remember your high-scores, unlike the original Game Boy
  game. Puzzle Mode is a twist on the classic gameplay that provides a new
  scenario. Also included is an editor for making Puzzle levels, and Link
  capability for going head-to-head with another player in either game mode. The
  Console Versions also have a two player Versus Mode which is essentially puzzle
  mode with two players racing for the finish line.
  .
  PUZZLE MODE:\n
  The biggest addition to Tetris Plus is the Puzzle Mode. The player starts by
  choosing any of four world locations: Maya, Knossos, Egypt, or Angkor Wat. The
  final area, Atlantis, is unlocked by successfully completing the other four
  stages (in any order). Each of the four locations has a different level set.
  Once the game starts, the player is presented with a cluster of pre-placed
  bricks, and the professor enters the play-area through a disappearing gate. The
  objective is to get the professor to the bottom of the screen, by placing blocks
  and clearing lines, before the spiked ceiling at the top comes down and crushes
  him.
  .
  The player's goal is to guide this archaeologist to the bottom as fast as
  possible. Two blocks wide and tall, he will aimlessly walk forward until he
  bumps into a block, after which he turns around and walks the other way. If he
  comes across a gap that is large enough for him to fit through, he will fall
  down onto the blocks below him. Conversely, if blocks are placed on top of him,
  he will climb up them until he reaches the top. As one could guess, if these
  blocks lead too closely to the spikes, the professor will die.
  .
  Upon starting the level, the spiked ceiling will start at the top of the
  play-area. About once every eighteen seconds, it will move down one row, slowly
  taking away workable space. The player is able to make the ceiling go back up,
  however, if they can clear three or four rows at once. The ceiling will also
  destroy any placed blocks that are in its way. This can be used as a garbage
  disposal, by having it remove any unwanted pieces until the piece the player
  wants shows up.
  .
  Manufacturer's description:
release: 1996-10-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tetris Plus (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tetris Plus (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tetris Plus (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tetris Plus (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tetris Plus (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Threads of Fate (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Threads of Fate (USA)/Threads of Fate (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Two Amazing Adventures!\n
  Rue is on a quest to revive a lost friend. Mint is seeking power and revenge.
  Both of them are looking for a powerful relic, but which will be brave enough to
  reach their goal?\n
  • Explore a beautifully rendered 3D world filled with challenging puzzles,
  unusual enemies, and unknown dangers\n
  • Play as both characters to encounter two entirely different storylines\n
  • Rue has the ability to shape-shift into the forms of defeated enemies\n
  • Mint can learn and use a wide variety of powerful magic spells
release: 1999-10-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Threads of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Threads of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Threads of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Threads of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Threads of Fate (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-08-10)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-08-10)/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-08-10).json
developer: Paradox Development
publisher: Virgin Interactive
genre: Action;Fighting;3D
description:
  Thrill Kill is an Action game, developed by Paradox Development and published by
  Virgin Interactive, which was cancelled before it was released.
release: 1998-08-10
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-08-10).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-08-10).jpg
assets.background: Background/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-08-10).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-08-10).jpg
assets.video: Video/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-08-10).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-10-13)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-10-13)/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-10-13).json
developer: Paradox Development
publisher: Virgin Interactive
genre: Action;Fighting;3D
description:
  Thrill Kill is an Action game, developed by Paradox Development and published by
  Virgin Interactive, which was cancelled before it was released.
release: 1998-10-13
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-10-13).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-10-13).jpg
assets.background: Background/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-10-13).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-10-13).jpg
assets.video: Video/Thrill Kill (USA) (Proto) (1998-10-13).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Titan A.E. (USA) (Demo)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Titan A.E. (USA) (Demo)/Titan A.E. (USA) (Demo).json
developer: Blitz Games
publisher: Fox Interactive
genre: Action
description:
  A video game adaptation of the movie Titan A.E.  was in development by Blitz
  Games for PlayStation 1 and PC. The full game was cancelled largely due to the
  film's failed box office according to Fox Interactive.
  .
  A playable demo of the game was released, with stunning visuals for a
  PlayStation game that supported Analog Control and the Vibration Function. It
  had similar gameplay to Tomb Raider, Atlantis The Lost Empire, and the Planet of
  the Apes video game. Cale Tucker would be the playable character. The game would
  also have Flight Simulator levels. The Demo CD had two playable third person
  exploration levels, and one flight simulator level.
  .
  Video game hackers have managed to patch in 5 other playable levels in the CD,
  and have made "Preservation Packs" for PC and PlayStation, the intended
  platforms for the game.
release: 2000-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Titan A.E. (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Titan A.E. (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.background: Background/Titan A.E. (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Titan A.E. (USA) (Demo).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six (USA)/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six (USA).json
developer: Rebellion
publisher: Red Storm
genre: Shooter;Stealth;Strategy
description:
  You have been recruited by John Clark to be a member of Rainbow, the most elite
  counter-terror team in the world, with members from all over the world, even
  Russia and Israel. You start out rescuing hostages from the terrorists, but as
  you go on, you discover there are bigger things at stake... Such as the entire
  world...
  .
  Rainbow Six re-invented first-person shooter genre with realistic weapons and
  tactics. You must use existing intelligence like floor plan layouts to plan your
  assault. You can use up to four teams, with a variety of equipment from simple
  body armor to biosuits, breaching kit and more. There are many different weapons
  available, from pistols to machine guns to shotguns to grenades. You can switch
  between different teams as needed, or leave them under AI control. Coordinate
  different teams with go codes. Engage variety of terrorists or perform stealth
  missions.
  .
  Rainbow Six also features a robust multiplayer with variety of maps and mission
  types to choose from.
release: 1999-11-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tomb Raider (USA) (v1.6)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tomb Raider (USA) (v1.6)/Tomb Raider (USA) (v1.6).json
developer: Core Design
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  In Tomb Raider, the player controls the female archaeologist Lara Croft, in
  search for the three mysterious Scion artefacts across the world. The game is
  presented in third person perspective. Lara is always visible and the camera
  follows the action from behind or over her shoulder. The world she inhabits is
  fully drawn in three dimensions and characterized by its cubic nature. Ledges,
  walls and ceilings mostly sit at 90 degrees to each other, but sometimes feature
  sloping planes.\n
  The object of Tomb Raider is to guide Lara through a series of tombs and other
  locations in search of treasures and artefacts. On the way, she must kill
  dangerous animals and other creatures, while collecting objects and solving
  puzzles to gain access to an ultimate prize, usually a powerful artefact.
  Gunplay is restricted to the killing of various animals that appear throughout
  each stage, although occasionally Lara may be faced with a human opponent.
  Instead the emphasis lies on solving puzzles and performing trick jumps to
  complete each level.
release: 1996-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tomb Raider (USA) (v1.6).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tomb Raider (USA) (v1.6).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tomb Raider (USA) (v1.6).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tomb Raider (USA) (v1.6).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tomb Raider (USA) (v1.6).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tomb Raider II - Starring Lara Croft (USA) (v1.3)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tomb Raider II - Starring Lara Croft (USA) (v1.3)/Tomb Raider II - Starring Lara Croft (USA) (v1.3).json
developer: Core Design
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The story of Tomb Raider II surrounds the mythical Dagger of Xian, a weapon
  which was used by an Emperor of China to command his army. By plunging the
  weapon into its owner's heart, the weapon has the power to turn its bearer into
  a dragon. A flashback reveals that the last battle which was fought with the
  Dagger ended in defeat when the warrior monks of Tibet succeeded in removing the
  knife from the Emperor's heart. The Dagger was then returned to its resting
  place within the Great Wall.
release: 1997-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tomb Raider II - Starring Lara Croft (USA) (v1.3).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tomb Raider II - Starring Lara Croft (USA) (v1.3).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tomb Raider II - Starring Lara Croft (USA) (v1.3).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tomb Raider II - Starring Lara Croft (USA) (v1.3).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tomb Raider II - Starring Lara Croft (USA) (v1.3).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tomb Raider III - Adventures of Lara Croft (USA) (v1.2)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tomb Raider III - Adventures of Lara Croft (USA) (v1.2)/Tomb Raider III - Adventures of Lara Croft (USA) (v1.2).json
developer: Core Design
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  In the Prologue, millions of years ago, a meteor struck the then tropical
  environments of Antarctica. It was first discovered by a tribe of ancient
  Polynesians who settled there and constructed a city in the meteorite crater.
  They worshipped the immense supernatural powers it appeared to hold, fashioning
  four artefacts out of the meteorite's core material (which become the focus of
  the game). Shortly thereafter, the tribe laid witness to the deformed birth of
  their prophesied leader, born without a face, and fled Antarctica in fear of
  what the meteorite was capable of. In the present day, the ancient Polynesian
  city has been buried beneath snow and ice and RX Tech are excavating the site,
  investigating the meteorite. Led by Dr. Willard, the crew discovers remnants of
  the Polynesian city, ancient stone statues resembling the Easter Island Moai,
  and finds the grave of a man named Paul Caulfield of the HMS Beagle.
  .
  When the game begins, Lara Croft is in India searching for a legendary stone in
  the ruins of an ancient temple once inhabited by the Infada tribe. She
  encounters Tony, an RX Tech employee who seems to be suffering from a severe
  bout of jungle fever. After parting ways, Tony remains one step ahead of Lara in
  their search for the stone, eventually finding it hidden deep within an
  underground cavern. After killing an oddly superhuman Tony, Lara takes the stone
  and exits. On her trek back to the Indian jungle, she is discovered by Dr.
  Willard.
release: 1998-11-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tomb Raider III - Adventures of Lara Croft (USA) (v1.2).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tomb Raider III - Adventures of Lara Croft (USA) (v1.2).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tomb Raider III - Adventures of Lara Croft (USA) (v1.2).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tomb Raider III - Adventures of Lara Croft (USA) (v1.2).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tomb Raider III - Adventures of Lara Croft (USA) (v1.2).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tomba! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tomba! (USA)/Tomba! (USA).json
developer: Whoopee Camp
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Platform;Role-Playing
description:
  Aside from sporting a wacky pink hairdo, Tomba! offers a long and brain twisting
  experience that mixes the traditional 2D side scrolling action/platformer with
  the elements of a role-playing game. The game starts out simple enough with the
  evil Koma Pigs stealing Tomba's bracelet, which was given to him by his
  grandfather. You assume the role of Tomba and begin your adventure. Little do
  you know that the quest for your bracelet will turn into so much more.
  .
  Because of its role-playing elements, in Tomba!, your character will gain
  experience points, develop new skills and learn new things. He has seven
  abilities that can be learned throughout the duration of the game. Once all
  three experience meters reach level ten (in order to do this, Tomba must do
  certain things), he will unlock and learn an ability.
release: 1998-06-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tomba! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tomba! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tomba! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tomba! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tomba! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tomba! 2 - The Evil Swine Return (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Tomba! 2 - The Evil Swine Return (USA)/Tomba! 2 - The Evil Swine Return (USA).json
developer: Whoopee Camp
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Platform
description:
  That pink-haired, pig-thumping jungle boy is at it again. Tomba! 2: The Evil
  Swine Return marks Tomba's second adventure on the PlayStation console. This
  time around Tomba has grown into a young man and is living a peaceful life with
  his friends.
  .
  One day a letter falls from the sky. As Tomba opens it a friendly little bug
  named Zippo pops out and informs him that the evil pigs have returned and are
  invading a neighboring land. Zippo then tells him the worst news of all: The
  evil pigs have kidnapped his childhood friend Tabby. Now Tomba must embark on
  yet another challenging adventure to rescue his friend.
  .
  Tomba! 2 takes place in a brand new 3D world. Using an Adventure Journal to
  record his progress Tomba travels from land to land, talking with townspeople
  and kicking some Swine tail in order to complete numerous mini-quests and rescue
  Tabby. The Adventure Journal keeps track of the items Tomba has acquired, the
  status of events he has discovered, and his current location and condition.
  .
  Throughout his journeys, Tomba finds various weapons and clothing that can alter
  his abilities and aid him in his quests. For example, when Tomba acquires the
  Bird Clothes he is able to glide through the air for a limited time, allowing
  him to overcome obstacles that were previously impassable. Along with weapon
  attacks and special clothes, Tomba still has basic actions allowing him to
  pummel pigs, read signs, climb surfaces, bite and throw enemies, and communicate
  with the townspeople.
  .
  Tomba! 2 features two modes of play. The first is an Action mode where Tomba
  travels along predetermined paths, jumping, fighting and solving action-oriented
  events. The second mode is a Free-Roaming mode where Tomba can move freely in
  360 degrees. While in this mode, Tomba cannot jump or attack with weapons;
  however, no enemies appear and Tomba can focus on completing other events
  without fear of being attacked.
  .
  Tomba! 2: The Evil Swine Return is a one-player game and uses one memory block
  to save data. Analog control and vibration function is supported. This time the
  Swine have crossed the line. Help Tomba rescue Tabby and defeat the evil pigs
  once and for all.
release: 2000-01-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tomba! 2 - The Evil Swine Return (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tomba! 2 - The Evil Swine Return (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tomba! 2 - The Evil Swine Return (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tomba! 2 - The Evil Swine Return (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tomba! 2 - The Evil Swine Return (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Twisted Metal (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Twisted Metal (USA)/Twisted Metal (USA).json
developer: Singletrac
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Racing;Shooter
description:
  Every year, a mysterious man named Calypso sends e-mails to renowned drivers,
  inviting them to compete in a tournament called Twisted Metal. The conditions of
  the tournament are anything but ordinary: opponents fight each other in armored
  vehicles with mounted weapons. The winner receives an audience with Calypso, and
  is granted a single wish - a wish without limits, be it money, power, or even
  our reality itself. In 2005, the annual tournament is held again in Los Angeles,
  and twelve drivers, each with his own agenda, have come to compete to death.
  .
  Twisted Metal is a vehicular combat game. The player selects one of the twelve
  available drivers and takes part in the competition. In the one-player story
  mode, the player must progress through six combat stages; all the opponents must
  be destroyed in order to win the race. In the two-player co-op mode, players
  choose a battlefield and control two cars in an attempt to get rid of the
  competition.
  .
  All the vehicles are equipped with two mounted machine guns; though relatively
  weak, they have unlimited ammunition. Other weapons can be picked up by driving
  over them during the races. These include fire and homing missiles, land mines,
  tire spikes, and others. Each participant has a life bar, which can be
  replenished by entering a specific area on the stage.
release: 1995-11-05
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Twisted Metal (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Twisted Metal (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Twisted Metal (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Twisted Metal (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Twisted Metal (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Unholy War, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Unholy War, The (USA)/Unholy War, The (USA).json
developer: Crystal Dynamics
publisher: Eidos
genre: Strategy
description:
  The Unholy War is 3D strategy game which uses many different weapons and special
  attacks. In a head to head two player game, players can strategically position
  their forces, and then fight the opposition in 3D arcade-style combat. Or, you
  can take advantage of the tournament mode to play against a whole host of
  friends (or enemies) in a variety of different combat arenas which all require
  different strategies.
  .
  With 14 different characters, and a variety of skills/weapons including seeker
  bombs, spawning, teleporting,lasers and other special attacks, The Unholy War
  uses both air and ground to make a realistic enjoyable gaming experience.
release: 1998-09-30
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Unholy War, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Unholy War, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Unholy War, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Unholy War, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Unholy War, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Vagrant Story (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Vagrant Story (USA)/Vagrant Story (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  AGENT OF THE CROWN\n
  Relive an adventurous tale rich with agents, espionage, and conspiracies.
  Challenge deadly villains and monsters with your steel and magic. Clear your
  name by uncovering a sinister plot or perish in the attempt.\n
  A dark, cinematic adventure set in a richly detailed 3D world\n
  Revolutionary battle and status systems for incredible real-time attacks and
  combinations\n
  Includes SQUARESOFT preview disc with playable demos
release: 2000-06-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Vagrant Story (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Vagrant Story (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Vagrant Story (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Vagrant Story (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Vagrant Story (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Vampire Hunter D (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Vampire Hunter D (USA)/Vampire Hunter D (USA).json
developer: Victor Interactive Software
publisher: Jaleco
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror;Puzzle
description:
  10,000 years have passed since the final war brought the history of the human
  race to its end. Since that time, vampires have reigned over the world. But now
  they are dying as a species--this is their final hour. The humans are regaining
  their power after many long dark years. However, some vampires remain in the
  remote region and continue their horrific attacks against humans. Such action
  has brought about the hiring of bounty hunters to destroy them. Among these
  hunters, the Dunpeals, half vampires and half human, are considered the finest.
  In time, people began to talk about a hunter with remarkable skills...
  .
  That hunter is D... Vampire Hunter D...
  .
  The adventure begins...
release: 1999-12-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Vampire Hunter D (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Vampire Hunter D (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Vampire Hunter D (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Vampire Hunter D (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Vampire Hunter D (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Vandal Hearts (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Vandal Hearts (USA)/Vandal Hearts (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  You assume the role of Ash Lambert, a hero torn between saving his country and
  restoring honor to the disgraced Lambert dynasty. As he struggles with his inner
  demons and personal problems, he will meet various companions throughout his
  journey. They will help your character fight to overthrow the oppressive regime
  and ward off an ancient being that threatens the world.
  .
  Vandal-Hearts is a 3D turn-based strategy game. Unlike many games of the genre,
  the various battlefields have sloped surfaces that will either work to your
  advantage or against you. It will be up to you to accommodate your strategy and
  amount an appropriate offensive assault against your foes as well as set up
  defensive measures.
release: 1997-03-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Vandal Hearts (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Vandal Hearts (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Vandal Hearts (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Vandal Hearts (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Vandal Hearts (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Vandal Hearts II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Vandal Hearts II (USA)/Vandal Hearts II (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Vandal Hearts II is a turn based strategic RPG which is comparable to the more
  famous Fire Emblem series.
  .
  Most of the gameplay consists of moving your party on 3D grid based maps in a
  way that will give you a strategic advantage over your enemies. The main
  difference between Vandal Hearts II and its predecessor is the change of the
  battle system. Unlike in Vandal Hearts you and your enemies issue the commands
  at the same time and then move simultaneously. That results in in completely new
  strategies and gives the game a unique touch.
  .
  The story takes place in the already collapsed church state of Nirvadia, that
  was once formed by the religious leader St Nirvath, but eventually ceased to
  exist, because of several conflicts between unbelievers and local rulers. Caused
  by a chain of coincidences, the young boy Joshua, from a small and unimportant
  village in the east, eventually finds himself within a complex political scheme
  set in motion by power-hungry aristocrats and religious fanatics.
release: 1999-07-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Vandal Hearts II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Vandal Hearts II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Vandal Hearts II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Vandal Hearts II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Vandal Hearts II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Vanguard Bandits (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Vanguard Bandits (USA)/Vanguard Bandits (USA).json
developer: Human Entertainment
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  In a world where technology and mythology are one, a young rebel and his ragtag
  crew are unwittingly drawn into a holy war being waged by the bloodthirsty
  General Faulkner and his mercenary forces. Guide the charasmatic Bastion as he
  realizes his destiny to lead the rebellion against the Junaris Kingdom, and to
  save the people of his world from an eternity of oppression. Lead powerful
  squadrons of robotic warriors into battle and take complete command of their
  actions. Smite your foes with cleaving swords, piercing spears, and sizzling
  magic spells. Use the terrain to your advantage and maneuver your forces into
  superior combat positions. Witness the results of your tactical decisions in
  glorious 3D combat sequences.
release: 2000-06-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Vanguard Bandits (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Vanguard Bandits (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Vanguard Bandits (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Vanguard Bandits (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Vanguard Bandits (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Vib-Ribbon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Vib-Ribbon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Vib-Ribbon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: NanaOn-Sha Co., Ltd.
publisher: Sony
genre: Action;Music;Platform
description:
  Your rabbity character, Vibri, is composed of some fairly basic geometric
  shapes. Vibri skips around along the eponymous vib ribbon and you have to
  control Vibri until the end, dodging obstacles to rack up as many points as you
  can.
  .
  The game is a music/party game. Japanese band Laugh and Peace provides this game
  with some of it's soundtrack. The soundtrack is used to generate the game
  levels. By analyzing the music being played, the game creates the level you are
  playing in real-time and forces you to navigate that level. Then once you have
  mastered the songs that come with Vib Ribbon, you can then put in your own music
  CD's to see what wild challenges you can create.
release: 2000-09-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Vib-Ribbon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Vib-Ribbon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Vib-Ribbon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Vib-Ribbon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Vib-Ribbon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Virus - It Is Aware (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Virus - It Is Aware (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Virus - It Is Aware (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Cryo Interactive
publisher: Cryo Interactive
genre: Action
description:
  Virus - It's Aware is a videogame based in 1999 science fiction-horror film
  directed by visual effects artist John Bruno and starring Jamie Lee Curtis,
  William Baldwin and Donald Sutherland. The film was based on a Dark Horse comic
  book of the same name by Chuck Pfarrer
  .
  When the crew of an American tugboat boards an abandoned Russian research
  vessel, the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be
  destroyed.
  .
  STORY:\n
  When a typhoon cripples their boat, the crew sails into the eye of the storm,
  where they discover a high-tech Russian communications and research vessel
  adrift. Only one Russian crew member is still alive, raving about "intelligent
  lightning." They soon discover that an alien life form has taken over the ship's
  computers and is churning out mechanical warriors. With their own boat
  destroyed, the crew must battle the creature as the ship reenters the storm
  .
  GAMEPLAY:\n
  Virus is an action game for Playstation. You are Joan Averil, brilliant young
  graduate of Criminology. Assistant District Attorney, you end up in charge of an
  odd story: the bodies were found with parts of their body replaced by metal
  parts.
  .
  The character has 9 weapons (9mm, UZI, 38 Special ...) and the game is divided
  into 11 levels. The hardest part of the game is that the game graphics are ugly
  and the gameplay is really poor.
release: 1999-06-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Virus - It Is Aware (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Virus - It Is Aware (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Virus - It Is Aware (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Virus - It Is Aware (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Virus - It Is Aware (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wild Arms (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Wild Arms (USA)/Wild Arms (USA).json
developer: Media.Vision
publisher: Sony
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  WHERE LEGEND BECOMES REALITY
  .
  The Metal Demons, legendary destroyers of Filgaia, are returning. Powerless, the
  Ancient Guardians call upon three to save their once green world - a warrior,
  who has the gunner's gift that many fear; a princess, empowered by magic and an
  enchanted teardrop; and a rogue, who claims his sword is his word... but are his
  motives pure?
  .
  SEEK AND DISCOVER the powers of the Golems, ELWS, ARMs, mythic weapons and
  more.\n
  ENCOUNTER AND SURVIVE traps like ground spikes, vanishing bridges, and falling
  floors.\n
  EXPLORE an interactive world by igniting bombs, activating switches, and
  throwing objects.\n
  3D COMBAT with animated polygonal monsters and magic from multiple viewpoints.\n
  CREATE powerful elemental magic through experimentation and discovery.\n
  CONTROL the fight with Auto-Battle Commands and the New Force System.\n
  CUSTOMIZE control functions, camera angles, cursor positions, and more. Special
  options include an icon-based interface and a help menu.
release: 1997-05-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wild Arms (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wild Arms (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wild Arms (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wild Arms (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wild Arms (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wild Arms 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Wild Arms 2 (USA)/Wild Arms 2 (USA).json
developer: Media.Vision
publisher: Sony
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  It's about one world hanging in the balance. Where one hero must sacrifice his
  heart for peace. Where courage and fear, love and malice, heroes and villians go
  hand in hand. It's power that exceeds human knowledge. It's neither dream nor
  reality. It;s what legends are made of.
  .
  Refined Battle System delivers more strategy and challenge:\n
  Each character has special abilities and acquires their abilities differently.\n
  Evade battles with enemies that are less powerful than you.\n
  Attack specific body parts of boss enemies.
release: 1999-09-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wild Arms 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wild Arms 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wild Arms 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wild Arms 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wild Arms 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Witch of Salzburg, The (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Witch of Salzburg, The (Japan)/Witch of Salzburg, The (Japan).json
developer: T.Dogs
publisher: T.Dogs
genre: Adventure
description:
  The Witch of Salzburg is and adventure game based on the Salzburg witch trials,
  known in history as the Magician Jackls process, which took place in the city of
  Salzburg in Austria in 1675-1690, was one of the largest and most famous witch
  trials in Austria. It lead to the execution of 139 people. It was an unusual
  witch trial, as the majority of its victims were of male gender.
  .
  In 1675, Barbara Kollerin was put on trial for theft and sorcery in Salzburg
  togehter with one Paul Kalthenpacher. During torture, she confessed that her
  son, Paul Jacob Koller, had a pact with Satan. Her partner, Kaltenbacher,
  confirmed this and described Jacob as a man of 20, the son of an executioner's
  assistant.
  .
  The Playstation game begins with the trail and kill of a woman in 1569 accused
  of being a witch, but some people said that she survived. The game started in
  1997 when a group of people are going to visit the castle and the game starts
  there. On the second day the group find a corpse and the investigation starts
  there. The player controls a father that with the help of his daughter that will
  have to investigate and use different objects to advance in the game. They got 7
  days to solve the mystery.
  .
  The game features a nice orchestral music, 3d polygon graphics and a third
  person perspective (using a first person one in some locations of the castle).
  The player character's can die in the game so saving often is recommended.
release: 1997-06-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Witch of Salzburg, The (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Witch of Salzburg, The (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Witch of Salzburg, The (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Witch of Salzburg, The (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Witch of Salzburg, The (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wizardry - Llylgamyn Saga (Japan) (En,Ja)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Wizardry - Llylgamyn Saga (Japan) (En,Ja)/Wizardry - Llylgamyn Saga (Japan) (En,Ja).json
developer: Soliton Soft
publisher: Soliton
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Wizardry - Llylgamyn Saga is a remake of the first three Wizardry games: Proving
  Grounds of the Mad Overlord, Knight of Diamonds, and Legacy of Llylgamyn. As in
  the original games, the player can create characters choosing from five races
  and eight classes, and level them up by exploring the maze and fighting
  monsters, finding and buying items in process.
  .
  Monster graphics have been updated, and dungeons have been given textures, but
  the player can also opt for original graphics with wireframe dungeons. An
  auto-mapping feature has been added. The player can also transfer characters
  between the three scenarios.
  .
  To put the game in english move options 1 to 4 to the rightest one.
  .
  - Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord:\n
  The Mad Overlord Trebor was once only power-mad, but went off the deep end after
  he acquired a magical amulet of immense power, only to have it stolen from him
  by his nemesis, the evil archmage Werdna. Werdna, not quite sure how to use the
  amulet properly, accidentally causes an earthquake which creates a ten-level
  dungeon beneath Trebor's castle. To avoid looking silly, Werdna declares the
  dungeon to be the new lair for him and his monster hordes. Trebor, not to be
  outdone, declares the labyrinth his new Proving Grounds where adventurers must
  prove themselves for membership in his elite honor guard, and incidentally
  retrieve his amulet in the process.
  .
  The first Wizardry was one of the original dungeon-crawling role-playing games,
  and stands along with Ultima and Might & Magic as one of the defining staples of
  the genre.
  .
  - Knight of Diamonds - The Second Scenario:\n
  The sequel to the original Wizardry follows the defeat of the evil Werdna and
  the return of Mad Overlord Trebor's amulet. The heroes who had accomplished that
  were inducted into Trebor's personal honor guard. Unfortunately this particular
  honor didn't last very long as Trebor's madness and obsession with the amulet
  and preventing Werdna's return drove him to suicide.
  .
  With both Trebor and Werdna dead all seemed well within the kingdom of
  Llylgamyn. Unfortunately, this peace didn't last very long. With Werdna dead and
  out of the limelight, an evil knight named Davalpus felt it was time to make his
  move. He stormed the castle, slaughtered the royal family, and declared himself
  supreme dictator for life. The Prince of the land fought and killed Davalpus
  using the legendary Staff of Gnilda and wearing the armor of the Knight of
  Diamonds. However, the god Gnilda took the staff back and placed it deep within
  his heavily guarded six-level temple. Since the staff's power protects the land
  from invasion by hostile outlanders, someone will need to venture into the
  temple and get it back along with Gnilda's blessing.
  .
  - Legacy of Llylgamyn - The Third Scenario:\n
  A generation has passed since your band of adventurers reclaimed the Staff of
  Gnilda and the armor of the Knight of Diamonds, and the land has been at peace.
  But now nature itself seems to be attacking the land of Llylgamyn, as
  earthquakes and tidal waves ravage the land. The Sages believe the Orb of
  Scrying is the city's salvation, but it is guarded by the dragon L'kbreth. A
  band of explorers must once again venture forth in search of the Orb.
release: 1998-02-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wizardry - Llylgamyn Saga (Japan) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wizardry - Llylgamyn Saga (Japan) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wizardry - Llylgamyn Saga (Japan) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wizardry - Llylgamyn Saga (Japan) (En,Ja).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Wolf Fang - Kuuga 2001 (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Wolf Fang - Kuuga 2001 (Japan)/Wolf Fang - Kuuga 2001 (Japan).json
developer: Tsuji Jimusho
publisher: Xing Entertainment
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Two years have passed since the military occupation of New York City in 1999 and
  since then Ragnarok (aka: DAGGER) - the organization responsible for the events
  - have disappeared following their air borne destruction. During that time, mech
  technology has been the boom of future military projects worldwide with the
  biggest factories residing in Oceania. These mechs become the main target of
  Ragnarok when it resurfaces and claims the military factories and cities of
  Australia and New Zealand. Their plan is to apparently use any and all of the
  deadliest mechs that have not yet reached completion to their chaotic liking.
  .
  The USAF and RAAF organize a strike force to reclaim major attacked points in
  the two countries with the assistance of the best mech operators they can find.
  Players then assume the role of mech-fighters who aim to liberate Australia or,
  depending on the player's actions, New Zealand.
release: 1996-05-10
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wolf Fang - Kuuga 2001 (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wolf Fang - Kuuga 2001 (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wolf Fang - Kuuga 2001 (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wolf Fang - Kuuga 2001 (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wolf Fang - Kuuga 2001 (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Wreckin Crew - Drive Dangerously (USA) (En,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Wreckin Crew - Drive Dangerously (USA) (En,Es)/Wreckin Crew - Drive Dangerously (USA) (En,Es).json
developer: Quickdraw Developments
publisher: Telstar
genre: Racing
description:
  In the tradition of Super Mario Kart and Motor Toon Grand Prix comes Wreckin'
  Crew, a cartoon-like racer that emphasizes the use of various power-ups to keep
  your opponents from finishing before you. Up to two players can choose one of
  three modes: Arcade Race, which is a single race on your choice of tracks; Time
  Trial, where you can work on your speed; and Competition, which involves
  embarking on a series of four races in an attempt to win one of the championship
  cups.
  .
  While only the Training Cup is initially available, you can participate in more
  challenging races after placing first on normal difficulty or higher. You'll
  also earn a video clip for each of the eight characters you use to win the
  Competition (plus two hidden), which can be saved and viewed at a later time in
  the Film Room. The four courses include Sydney, New York, Mediterranean and
  Theme Park. In addition, a bonus Stunt Track will give you a chance to collect
  as many power-ups as you can by driving over ramps before time runs out.
release: 1998-10-07
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wreckin Crew - Drive Dangerously (USA) (En,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wreckin Crew - Drive Dangerously (USA) (En,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wreckin Crew - Drive Dangerously (USA) (En,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wreckin Crew - Drive Dangerously (USA) (En,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wreckin Crew - Drive Dangerously (USA) (En,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: X-Files, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/X-Files, The (USA)/X-Files, The (USA).json
developer: HyperBole Studios
publisher: Fox Interactive
genre: Adventure
description:
  Do you believe in the existence of extraterrestrial life? Is the government
  conspiring to cover up evidence? The truth is out there, but you'll have to go
  looking for it when you take on the role of Craig Willmore, an FBI field agent
  assigned to search for missing agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully in Fox
  Interactive's The X-Files.
  .
  Previously a hit PC title, this interactive movie-adventure will take your
  PlayStation console into the realm of the popular X-Files science fiction drama
  series, as you assist the stars in their latest investigation into paranormal
  activity cases.
  .
  Designed from a story written by Chris Carter, The X-Files features many of the
  main cast members from the show including Assistant Director Walter Skinner, as
  well as new characters tailored specifically for this game. You'll be
  interviewing witnesses and suspects with the aid of special FBI equipment,
  weapons, and tools. Use them wisely to pick up clues throughout your case and
  follow-up on crime scenes at the crime lab. Discover a plot that thickens as you
  progress.
  .
  The game is viewed from a first-person perspective and features looped video
  footage when you're at a distance from other characters or environments. When
  you move in any direction (by clicking on the pointing hand icons), you'll pass
  through predetermined, fixed frames of digitized scenery. By enabling the
  Navigating Transitions option, you'll experience more realism when turning left
  or right, thanks to a motion-blur effect.
  .
  With the VirtualCinema game engine, the four-disc set breaks new ground
  standards for PlayStation video technology (FPQ 24-bit), enabling greater
  compression at the highest quality for video playback. The original footage was
  shot live, entirely on location in the Pacific Northwest. As you come upon
  something of importance, such as an FBI agent, a witness or even new items, a
  video clip starts to play.
  .
  You'll be making some critical, multiple-choice decisions. The game consists of
  multiple plot lines and at times, three icons will appear at the bottom of the
  screen indicating which attitude you want to take towards a certain person. This
  will affect the next outcome of game flow - be careful what you wish for!
  .
  Some of the tools you'll be using are a PDA (or Personal Digital Assistant), a
  cellular phone, your badge, a gun and handcuffs, an evidence kit and lock pick,
  a digital camera, a flashlight, a pair of binoculars, and night vision goggles.
  Your PDA is one of your best friends because it allows you to take notes, e-mail
  reports to your superiors, and utilize the internal map to locate specific
  areas.
  .
  Another mission-critical item you'll be using is your very own desktop
  workstation, which features the ING (Intelligence Network Gateway). With this
  tool you'll have access to background checks, vehicle license plate numbers,
  phone number tracing, a database with a full search engine, a Photo Viewer for
  your camera, e-mail, and important messages and All Points Bulletins.
release: 1999-01-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/X-Files, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/X-Files, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/X-Files, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/X-Files, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/X-Files, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Xenogears (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Xenogears (USA)/Xenogears (USA).json
developer: Squaresoft
publisher: Squaresoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Stand tall & shake the heavens
  .
  A mysterious organization is turning the tides of a century-long war with
  ancient technology - giant combat robots.
  .
  A failed attempt to steal one of these powerful mechanized weapons places it in
  the unwilling hands of young Fei and his dubious allies.
  .
  Now he is pursued by military governments, royal pirates, spies, the emperor,
  and his own forgotten past.
  .
  - Over 20 minutes of stunning hand-drawn anime tells this complex, futuristic
  tale\n
  - Battle in giant robots or hand-to-hand using intuitive combat systems without
  menus\n
  - Explore detailed, fully-rotatable polygonal environments
release: 1998-10-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Xenogears (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Xenogears (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Xenogears (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Xenogears (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Xenogears (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Zero Divide (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation/Zero Divide (USA)/Zero Divide (USA).json
developer: Zoom
publisher: Ocean Software
genre: Fighting
description:
  Zero Divide: An unrecoverable program error causing a potential system crash.
  .
  You are the error. Set in a virtual world inside a computer system hijacked by a
  group called XTAL, Zero Divide puts you against mysterious mercenary "units",
  each with a unique fighting style and the ability to pulverize you in an
  instant. You must "delete" the mercenaries, crash the system and eliminate XTAL
  before time runs out.
  .
  The first truly complete 3D, 360 degree fighting game.
  .
  Superbly detailed graphics, unprecedented fighter control, high quality
  soundtrack, awesome depth and challenge are all combined to give you the most
  complete fighting game experience available.
  .
  - 10 ruthless fighters (including two hidden bosses) that feature never before
  seen fighting styles, weapons and projectile attacks\n
  - Unleash an arsenal of deadly moves and killer combos - Hyper Headbutt, Blind
  Man Slash, Tomo Vortex Throw, and Bloody Pack. For the first time in any 3D
  fighter - jumping attack in combos\n
  - Select four completely different camera angles, including an innovative
  perspective from the fighters viewpoint and a rotating 360 degree view\n
  - Zero Divide's unique Ring Edge allows skillful fighters to grab onto the rim
  of the ring and pull themselves back into fight\n
  - With a memory card, save and relive your entire round... replays can be slowed
  down, paused, zoomed, rotated, or viewed from any angle\n
  - On-screen diagram shows progressive damage to fighter body parts and allows
  players to strategically plan their attacks for maximum destruction
release: 1995-08-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Zero Divide (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Zero Divide (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Zero Divide (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Zero Divide (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Zero Divide (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


