collection: Computer - Disc
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Computer - Disc" {file.path}


game: 1000 Best Games for Windows (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/#-0/1000 Best Games for Windows (USA)/1000 Best Games for Windows (USA).json
developer: Swift Jewel
publisher: Cosmi
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  The biggest Windows game collection for the whole family! Hang on tight! -
  You're holding the biggest and newest collection of Windows Shareware games for
  the entire family - 1000 Best Games For Windows. These games are the freshest &
  newest & will provide hours and hours of hot new gaming excitement!
release: 1998-06-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/1000 Best Games for Windows (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/1000 Best Games for Windows (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/1000 Best Games for Windows (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/1000 Best Games for Windows (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Action 52 Owns (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Action 52 Owns (USA)/Action 52 Owns (USA).json
developer: TIGSource
publisher: TIGSource
genre: Miscellaneous
description:
  Action 52 OWNS is a TIGSource unofficial collaboration created by Arthur Lee.
  The objective is for 52 developers to each select a game from the infamous
  Action 52 (the NES version) and make it enjoyable to play. Each TIGSource
  user had to declare their selection (with exception of The Cheetahmen, which
  was reserved for "someone who deserves it" which was originally granted to
  Konjak but he lost interest and dropped it, and ate an apple'. It was then
  bequeathed to increpare but he also dropped it. Currently not worked on by
  anyone). When all the games are remade they will made into a Windows arcade
  package called Action 52 OWNS, which will act as a compilation and launcher.
release: 2010
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Action 52 Owns (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Action 52 Owns (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Action 52 Owns (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Action 52 Owns (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Action 52 Owns (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Adventures of Elena Temple, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Adventures of Elena Temple, The (USA)/Adventures of Elena Temple, The (USA).json
developer: GrimTalin
publisher: GrimTalin
genre: Platform
description:
  Ever miss being a child, playing games at your grandma's or in your old bedroom?
  Then look no further!
  .
  The Adventures of Elena Temple is the classic you never knew existed. And the
  best part is that you can play it on virtual old machines that kind of sort of
  maybe existed. It's not like you can remember for sure anyway, right?
release: 2018-03-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Adventures of Elena Temple, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Adventures of Elena Temple, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Adventures of Elena Temple, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Adventures of Elena Temple, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Adventures of Elena Temple, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Age of Empires Gold Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Age of Empires Gold Edition (USA)/Age of Empires Gold Edition (USA).json
developer: Ensemble Studios
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Strategy
description:
  This game is an epic real-time strategy title that collects the original Age
  of Empires and its Rise of Rome Expansion set onto a single tactics-packed disc.
  Spanning more than 10,000 years of game time Age of Empires: Gold features three
  entirely new campaigns that showcase the bloody battles of Rome, in addition to
  four brand new civilizations with their own strengths and weaknesses. As well as
  dozens of different scenarios. Whether you choose to win by Dominating the World,
  or an Economic Victory, maybe a combination of both? The choice of how your rule
  the planet is ultimately yours.
release: 1999-03-30
players: 8
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Age of Empires Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Age of Empires Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Age of Empires Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Age of Empires Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Age of Empires Gold Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Age of Empires II Gold Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Age of Empires II Gold Edition (USA)/Age of Empires II Gold Edition (USA).json
developer: Ensemble Studios
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Strategy
description:
  The Age of Kings focuses on building towns, gathering resources, creating
  armies, and destroying enemy units and buildings. Players conquer rival towns
  and empires as they advance one of 13 civilizations through four "Ages": the
  Dark Age, the Feudal Age, the Castle Age (The Middle Ages), and the Imperial
  Age, reminiscent of the Renaissance—a 1000 year timeframe.
release: 1999-09-30
players: 8
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Age of Empires II Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Age of Empires II Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Age of Empires II Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Age of Empires II Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Age of Empires II Gold Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Aliens Versus Predator Gold (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Aliens Versus Predator Gold (USA)/Aliens Versus Predator Gold (USA).json
developer: Rebellion
publisher: Fox Interactive
genre: Action;Horror;Shooter
description:
  Aliens Versus Predator is a sci-fi first-person shooter based on the associated
  two film franchises. The game has three playable species, and each has its own
  single-player campaign with different missions and plotlines.
  .
  - Aliens... Their only weapons are their own body parts: claws for close combat,
  their deadly tail, and their inner mouth that can crack through an enemy's skull
  (for an instant kill) if close enough. They are deadly at close range, and can
  heal by eating corpses or the heads of unsuspecting enemies. They can't be hurt
  through falls, and an alternate vision mode allows them to see clearly ahead
  through darkness. Their strength lies in flexibility and speed, and an ability
  to cling to walls and run along any surface - allowing a skilled player to
  escape or ambush from literally any 3D direction.
  .
  - Humans... U.S. Marines, as portrayed by Michael Biehn in the film 'Aliens'.
  Marines have strong firepower that ranges from the self-tracking SmartGun, all
  the way to rocket launchers and devistating six-barrel miniguns (as seen in
  'Predator'). The Marines are the most familiar species to play as, with the
  gameplay style of typical FPS hero. However, their frailty at close range, and
  missions that leave them stranded, alone, surrounded by bloodthirsty
  extraterrestrials, make their experience closer to survival horror.
  .
  - Predators... Their power is their strength, and their sight. They have at
  least four ways of seeing the environment - standard vision, heat vision
  (highlighting Marines), electromagnetic vision (highlighting Aliens), and
  "Pred-Tech" (for highlighting fellow Predators and their technology). Their
  weapons are the most precise, deadly, and ranged of those in the game, being
  ideally suited to stealth-based gameplay. Predators also have the ability to
  zoom their view in and out when seeking someone, thus allowing them to snipe
  from afar. Their cloaking ability also renders them nearly invisible to enemy
  Marines.
  .
  There are several multiplayer modes. For a difficult game, you can pit all the
  players against the horde of computer creatures (which includes experimental
  robotic Aliens and tough Predalien hybrids). Alternatively, players can choose
  their favorite species and face each other in an arena-style deathmatch.
  .
  Aliens Versus Predator: Gold Edition is a compilation with the following
  content:
  .
  - Aliens Versus Predator\n
  - Aliens Versus Predator: Millennium Expansion Pack\n
  - A strategy guide
  .
  Parts of the game were also reworked for this edition.
release: 2000-03-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Aliens Versus Predator Gold (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Aliens Versus Predator Gold (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Aliens Versus Predator Gold (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Aliens Versus Predator Gold (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Aliens Versus Predator Gold (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (USA)/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (USA).json
developer: Darkworks, Spiral House
publisher: Infogrames
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The player is given the option of choosing which of the two protagonists they
  play as. Carnby's side of the plot is based mainly on fighting the monsters by
  physical means, particularly with his trusty double barreled revolver; while
  Aline's is more centered on puzzles. The two occasionally meet up, and the main
  areas of plot intersect.
  .
  The player soon comes under attack from Creatures of Darkness that appear out of
  nowhere and seem to be living shadows.
release: 2001-06-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA)/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).json
developer: Frictional Games
publisher: Frictional Games
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  In Amnesia: The Dark Descent, the player takes on the role of Daniel, an
  amnesiac man trapped in the mansion of a Prussian Baron named Alexander. The
  only clues to Daniel's true identity are mementos and notes left behind by
  Daniel himself, who reminds himself to find and kill Alexander. Gameplay has the
  player searching for Daniel's diaries and other notes and journals of the poor
  souls who have crossed Baron Alexander. The player must solve the mystery of the
  mansion while running from a Shadow that is constantly chasing the player
  throughout the game.
  .
  The game takes place from a first person perspective, however there are no
  weapons. Daniel cannot fight monsters and the only choice is to run or hide.
  Along with self-preservation, the players must keep the hero sane. In order to
  stay sane, he must keep moving and pushing the plot forward, as well as making
  sure there is always light. It is often necessary to scour every corner for oil
  and tinderboxes. Oil will allow Daniel to use a lamp to provide him with light
  and tinderboxes can be used to light candles and torches strewn throughout the
  mansion. If Daniel remains in the dark for too long, he will gradually lose his
  sanity. As Daniel loses sanity, the world will distort and become hard to
  navigate and the monsters will be able to sense the player. The player must
  evade the monsters entirely, but this will affect Daniel's sanity as to hide
  from the monsters, the player must also hide in the dark. The player must also
  never look at the monsters because if Daniel stares at them too long, his sanity
  will be fully compromised.
  .
  The player must solve various puzzles and the game is very much a fully
  interactive adventure game. Interaction with the environment is performed by
  using a physics based method where the mouse is emulated as a hand, meaning the
  player will need to rotate it to turn wheels or use it to grab drawers and pull
  them open by moving the mouse. It is also possible to pick up objects and throw
  them to distract the shadow or solve certain physical puzzles.
release: 2010-09-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ancients II - Approaching Evil (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Ancients II - Approaching Evil (USA)/Ancients II - Approaching Evil (USA).json
developer: Farrware
publisher: Epic Games
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Find the ancient key and open the door to peace!
  Centuries ago, an enormous seal was created to keep evil creatures out ... and a
  peaceful existence in. Now the seal is broken! It is up to you and your party of
  adventurers to rescue and save the world from terror and destruction.
  You will have to do battle with ugly monsters. Know when to attack and when to
  defend, and most important, know when to hit the road! Luckily, you will not be alone.
  To begin, use your ingenuity to create the characters that will aid in your quest.
  Choose their name, race, profession, and abilities. Oh, and here is a small hint:
  make sure you choose a good mix of magic and fighting ability, and you will be
  successful. Just remember, millions are counting on you. Find the four pieces of
  the ancient key and lock that darn door once and for all!
  Ancients contains:
  - Outstanding graphics and sound
  - Challenging fun for the whole family
  - No graphic violence
  - Full menu with story line
  - Easy installation
  Ancients supports:
  - Sound Blaster & Joysticks
release: 1993
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ancients II - Approaching Evil (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ancients II - Approaching Evil (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ancients II - Approaching Evil (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ancients II - Approaching Evil (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Apotheon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Apotheon (USA)/Apotheon (USA).json
developer: Alientrap
publisher: Alientrap
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Apotheon is a 2D side-scrolling action game with puzzle elements and a visual
  design based on the Black Figure style of Ancient Greek pottery. The game is set
  in a world based on Ancient Greek mythology. The gods have abandoned the world
  and now the sea is without fish, the forest without trees and the earth without
  sun. Mankind has fallen prey to war to survive. The player controls the young
  warrior Nikandreos who fights the Olympian gods with the help of Hera.
  .
  Nikandreos needs to fight enemies and solve environment based puzzles to
  progress. He can pick up new weapons in the environment and many parts are
  destructible, providing new weapons that can be cycled through quickly, health,
  armour and coins. Coins can be spent to acquire better equipment. Weapons
  include swords, spears, bows, knives, javelins, stones, axes, hammers,
  slingshots, fire bombs and explosive traps. In later parts of the game different
  abilities of weapons often need to be used quickly in succession. For most of
  the weapons there are improved versions that can be located with additional
  abilities.
  .
  The level path is not linear and it is possible to explore in different
  directions, akin to an open world where Olympus acts as a central hub. Through a
  map different types of objectives are presented and these can generally be
  tackled in any order. The main quest consists of completing several domains, one
  for each god, split up in multiple smaller levels. Information about the
  different gods and their motives is often provided through stone steles. There
  are often side quests and optional objectives. The domains for the different
  gods include Apollo, Ares, Artemis, Athena, Hades, Poseidon and Zeus while the
  main locations are the Acropolis, the Agora market and the Olympian Gate. There
  is no experience system to level up, but a steady increase of weapons
  proficiency and armour strength through purchases.
  .
  The game has three difficulty settings and supports local one-on-one multiplayer
  where two players fight duels in small environments.
release: 2015-02-03
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Apotheon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Apotheon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Apotheon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Apotheon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Apotheon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Armello (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Armello (USA)/Armello (USA).json
developer: League of Geeks
publisher: League of Geeks
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy;Board Game
description:
  Armello is a board game like fantasy strategy game with animals as your main
  protagonists. As the king of Armello is slowly getting insane due to a plague
  called "The Rot", the four races he once united will try to claim the throne for
  themselves. You will be one of the contestants of the four playable races, with
  each race providing a male and a female character: wolves, rabbits, rats and
  bears.
  .
  There are four ways to win the game:
  .
  - Kill the king in battle (King Slayer Victory)\n
  - Heal the king with four Spirit Stones (Spirit Stone Victory)\n
  - Kill the king with a rot value higher than the kings (Rot Victory)\n
  - If the king dies from it's illness or when both the king and and eventual
  attacker die, the player with the most prestige points wins (Prestige Victory)
  .
  You will move your character around the hexagonally tiled lands of Armello and
  accept quests, attack other players / enemies or search dungeons to gain points
  in one of several categories: attack, body, wits, spirit, gold, magic, prestige
  and rot. Prestige is worth a closer look, as it is not only necessary for the
  Prestige Victory, but the player with the highest prestige will also be able to
  choose from two "King's Declarations" that will affect all players each day.\n
  Additionally at the beginning of your turn you can stock up your card deck
  (depending on your wits value). The cards may contain equipment, one time
  bonuses or cards to harm another player's progress (like putting a "Peril" on a
  field your opponent will likely visit next turn or lower the income of one of
  his villages). Fights and perils will be decided by rolling dice (where their
  number depends on your points in the required category), but you may also "burn"
  some of your cards to get guaranteed results or use / equip them for bonuses.
  .
  The game is turn-based, with each player usually having 3 action points to
  spend. You cannot die permanently in the game, but in addition to being reset to
  your own clan's territory you will loose prestige and all remaining action
  points when doing so.
  .
  Apart from four short tutorial missions the game does not contain any campaign,
  but is focused on the board game aspect of the game including multiplayer
  support.
release: 2015-09-01
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Armello (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Armello (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Armello (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Armello (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Armello (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Arx Fatalis (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Arx Fatalis (USA)/Arx Fatalis (USA).json
developer: Arkane Studios SA
publisher: JoWooD Productions Software AG
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Arx Fatalis is a partially open source first-person role-playing video game for
  the Xbox and Microsoft Windows, released on November 2002 by Arkane Studios, a
  video game developer based in Lyon, France.
  .
  Arx Fatalis (lat. "fatal fortress") is set on a world whose sun has failed,
  forcing the above-ground creatures to take refuge in subterranean caverns. The
  action in Arx takes place in one of these large caves, where inhabitants from
  all races such as Trolls, Goblins, Dwarves, Humans, etc. have made their homes
  on various levels of the cave. The player awakens inside a prison cell and,
  after making his escape, eventually discovers his mission is to subvert and
  imprison the God of Destruction, Akbaa, who is trying to manifest itself in Arx.
release: 2002-06-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Arx Fatalis (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Arx Fatalis (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Arx Fatalis (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Arx Fatalis (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Arx Fatalis (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Assault Android Cactus (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Assault Android Cactus (USA)/Assault Android Cactus (USA).json
developer: Witch Beam
publisher: Witch Beam
genre: Shooter
description:
  Assault Android Cactus is a twin stick shoot 'em up with an emphasis on high
  pressure and stylish action. Expect screens full of enemies, buckets of bullets
  and high scoring combo chains!
  .
  Take on the role of Cactus, an enthusiastic police android, who responds to a
  stranded space freighter only to discover it under siege by its malfunctioning
  robot workers. Cut off from the outside and in over her head, Cactus and the
  androids she recruits along the way battle through the crippled Genki Star to
  reach the brain of the ship and put things right before it's too late.
  .
  .
  Key Features
  .
  Multiple Playable Characters - Each android has a unique weapon set and play
  style, experiment to find which android suits you best.
  .
  Dynamic Levels - From lights out to shifting walls to giant flamethrowers, there
  are surprises on board the Genki Star that will keep you on your toes.
  .
  Overwhelming Odds - Push back against hordes of robots with quick reactions and
  clever weapon tactics.
  .
  Giant Robot Bosses - Challenge the guardian of each deck as they unleash bullet
  hell and stage covering special attacks.
  .
  Co-Op Play - Join in with two, three or four players and experience escalating
  chaos. Supports Keyboard/Mouse and Gamepad configurations.
release: 2015-09-23
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Assault Android Cactus (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Assault Android Cactus (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Assault Android Cactus (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Assault Android Cactus (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Assault Android Cactus (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Atari - 80 Classic Games In One (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Atari - 80 Classic Games In One (USA)/Atari - 80 Classic Games In One (USA).json
developer: Digital Eclipse
publisher: Atari, Inc.
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  Atari: 80 Classic Games in One! contains Atari 2600 games from the 1970's and
  1980's. Over 85 games are reproduced, including arcade titles: Asteroids,
  Asteroids Deluxe, Battlezone, Black Widow, Centipede, Crystal Castles,
  Liberator, Lunar Lander, Gravitar, Major Havoc, Millipede, Missile Command,
  Pong, Red Baron, Space Duel, Super Breakout, Tempest, and Warlords.
  .
  Also included are Atari 2600 titles: 3D Tic Tac Toe, Adventure, Air-Sea Battle,
  Asteroids, Atari Video Cube, Backgammon, Battlezone, Blackjack, Bowling,
  Breakout, Canyon Bomber, Casino, Centipede, Circus Atari, Combat, Crystal
  Castles, Demons to Diamonds, Desert Falcon, Dodge 'Em, Double Dunk, Flag
  Capture, Football, Fun with Numbers (a.k.a. Basic Math), Golf, Gravitar,
  Hangman, Haunted House, Home Run, Human Cannonball, Math Gran Prix, Maze Craze:
  A Game of Cops 'n Robbers, Millipede, Miniature Golf, Missile Command, Night
  Driver, Off the Wall, Outlaw, Quadrun, Radar Lock, RealSports Baseball,
  RealSports Football, RealSports Tennis, RealSports Volleyball, Sky Diver, Slot
  Machine, Slot Racers, Space War, Sprintmaster, Star Raiders, Star Ship,
  Steeplechase, Stellar Track, Street Racer, Submarine Commander, Super Baseball,
  Super Breakout, Super Football, Surround, SwordQuest: EarthWorld, SwordQuest:
  FireWorld, SwordQuest: WaterWorld, Video Checkers, Video Chess, Video Olympics,
  Video Pinball, Warlords, and Yars' Revenge.
  .
  Each genre of game is broken down into an individual hub where gamers can check
  out both arcade and home came versions of these classics. As bonus features,
  gamers are offered comics, instruction manuals, catalogs, and updated visual
  modes, which allow higher res versions of the games, to features which distort
  gameplay to make the games more challenging.
release: 2003-11-11
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Atari - 80 Classic Games In One (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Atari - 80 Classic Games In One (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Atari - 80 Classic Games In One (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Atari - 80 Classic Games In One (USA).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Atomic Bomberman (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Atomic Bomberman (USA)/Atomic Bomberman (USA).json
developer: Interplay
publisher: Interplay
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  Think you're smarter than the collective intelligence of 9 other bombers
  throwing bombs faster than your mind can comprehend? Try your hand at this fast
  paced classic from the 90's with up to 10 players filled with mayhem and blown
  up body parts. Bombs Away!
release: 1997-07-31
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Atomic Bomberman (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Atomic Bomberman (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Atomic Bomberman (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Atomic Bomberman (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Atomic Bomberman (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Axiom Verge (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/A/Axiom Verge (USA)/Axiom Verge (USA).json
developer: Thomas Happ Games LLC
publisher: Thomas Happ Games LLC
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Axiom Verge is a retro-styled 2D action game focused on unusual weaponry and
  exploration of an maze-like, infested world. You play as Trace, a relatively
  normal (if quirky) guy who suffers a near-fatal injury, after which he wakes up
  in a strange, unsettling new world that is both high-tech and incredibly
  ancient. Why is he here? Where are the world's inhabitants? And what is the
  mysterious force that seems intent on ending his life?
release: 2015-05-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Axiom Verge (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Axiom Verge (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Axiom Verge (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Axiom Verge (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Axiom Verge (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Bad Milk (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Bad Milk (USA)/Bad Milk (USA).json
developer: Dreaming Media
publisher: Dreaming Media
genre: Adventure
description:
  Don't drink it, play it.
  .
  "Bad Milk" is your passage into the Skolnick brothers' purgatory of unsettling
  images and confounding puzzles. To begin this interactive video art game,
  take a virtual sip of coffee tainted with spoiled milk and slip into a dark
  abyss populated by haunting characters.
  .
  That dismembered bald head? It's the unwitting gamester's only escape to a
  new life. Along the way, meet a disembodied voice, a drowning man, and
  chronic smokers who provide hints to beat mystifying challenges.
release: 2000-10-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bad Milk (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bad Milk (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bad Milk (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bad Milk (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Bad Milk (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Barkley, Shut Up and Jam - Gaiden (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Barkley, Shut Up and Jam - Gaiden (USA)/Barkley, Shut Up and Jam - Gaiden (USA).json
developer: Tales of Game's Studios
publisher: Tales of Game's Studios
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The Great B-Ball Purge of 2041, a day so painful to some that it is referred
  to only as the "B-Ballnacht". Thousands upon thousands of the world's greatest
  ballers were massacred in a swath of violence and sports bigotry as the game
  was outlawed worldwide. The reason: the Chaos Dunk, a jam so powerful its
  mere existence threatens the balance of chaos and order. Among the few
  ballers and fans that survived the basketball genocide was Charles Barkley,
  the man capable of performing the "Verboten Jam"...
  .
  Flash forward 12 years to the post-cyberpocalyptic ruins of Neo New York, 2053.
  A Chaos Dunk rocks the island of Manhattan, killing 15 million. When the
  finger is put on the aging Charles Barkley, he must evade the capture of the
  B-Ball Removal Department, led by former friend and baller Michael Jordan,
  and disappear into the dangerous underground of the post-cyberpocalypse to
  clear his name and find out the mysterious truth behind the Chaos Dunk.
  Joined by allies along the way, including his son Hoopz, Barkley must face
  the dangers of a life he thought he gave up a long time ago and discover
  the secrets behind the terrorist organization B.L.O.O.D.M.O.S.E.S.
  .
  A tale of zaubers, b-balls, and atonement; brave dangers unheard of, face
  spectacular challenges that even the greatest ballers could not overcome,
  and maybe... just maybe... redeem basketball once and for all in:
  .
  Tales of Game's Studios Presents Chef Boyardee's Barkley, Shut Up & Jam:
  Gaiden, Chapter 1 of the Hoopz Barkley SaGa
release: 2008-01-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Barkley, Shut Up and Jam - Gaiden (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Barkley, Shut Up and Jam - Gaiden (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Barkley, Shut Up and Jam - Gaiden (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Barkley, Shut Up and Jam - Gaiden (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Barkley, Shut Up and Jam - Gaiden (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Basement Collection, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Basement Collection, The (USA)/Basement Collection, The (USA).json
developer: Edmund McMillen, Tyler Glaiel
publisher: Edmund McMillen
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform;Puzzle
description:
  The Basement Collection is a compilation of 9 award winning indie games by
  Edmund McMillen, creator of Super Meat Boy and The Binding of Isaac. All of the
  games featured in the collection have been revamped and updated, featuring bonus
  chapters, new music, art and other extras.
  .
  The Basement Collection includes:\n
  Aether ( an exploration adventure game )\n
  Time Fcuk ( a dark puzzle game )\n
  Spewer ( a physics based platformer )\n
  Meat Boy ( the super meat boy prototype )\n
  Grey Matter ( an anti shooter )\n
  Coil (an experimental game )\n
  Triachnid (a physics based spider sim)
release: 2012-08-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Basement Collection, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Basement Collection, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Basement Collection, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Basement Collection, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Basement Collection, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Battleship Surface Thunder (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Battleship Surface Thunder (USA)/Battleship Surface Thunder (USA).json
developer: Meyer / Glass Interactive
publisher: Hasbro Interactive
genre: Miscellaneous;Board / Card Game
description:
  Battle stations! Battleship: Surface Thunder is now a fast-action, 3-D naval
  adventure. Now you can take command of your own battleship and sink enemy
  convoys, attack shore gun emplacements and free captured ports in an all-out
  effort to defeat a renegade empire. Fans of the original Battleship game can
  also choose to play the classic hit-and-miss style game on three different grid
  sizes. Both modes feature fantastic graphics, animations and sounds. Batten down
  the hatches and get ready for naval combat action at its best.
release: 2000-10-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Battleship Surface Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Battleship Surface Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Battleship Surface Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Battleship Surface Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Battleship Surface Thunder (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Beast Within, The - A Gabriel Knight Mystery (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Beast Within, The - A Gabriel Knight Mystery (USA)/Beast Within, The - A Gabriel Knight Mystery (USA).json
developer: Sierra On-Line
publisher: Activision
genre: Adventure
description:
  Where shadows end, the hunt begins.
  .
  From the darkly prolific mind of creator Jane Jensen comes the second Gabriel
  Knight® mystery: The Beast Within. We find Schattenjäger, or shadow hunter,
  Gabriel and his assistant Grace Nakimura deeply embroiled in a murderous mystery
  that unravels half a world away.
  .
  Play as both Gabriel and Grace as they are dispatched to Munich to solve a
  series of mutilation murders thought to be the work of werewolves. Gabriel
  confronts his own demons while Grace traces an historical mystery, that of the
  strange demise of Mad King Ludwig II. The hunters become the hunted, and the
  only hope for deliverance lies in the most desperate of schemes...
  .
  Solve the enigma that surrounds Gabriel, Mad King Ludwig II, the Black Wolf and
  the strangely powerful Lost Wagner Opera, in this spell-binding mystery.\n
  Perspectives change and two stories unfold while you play as both Gabriel and
  Grace.\n
  Experience a contemporary drama steeped in European history and lore.
release: 1995-06-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Beast Within, The - A Gabriel Knight Mystery (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Beast Within, The - A Gabriel Knight Mystery (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Beast Within, The - A Gabriel Knight Mystery (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Beast Within, The - A Gabriel Knight Mystery (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Beast Within, The - A Gabriel Knight Mystery (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Black & White + Creature Isle (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Black & White + Creature Isle (USA)/Black & White + Creature Isle (USA).json
developer: Lionhead Studios Ltd.
publisher: EA Games
genre: Construction and Management Simulation
description:
  In a perfect world, people wouldn't need gods. But perfect worlds can't exist
  and sooner or later someone, in trouble, desperate, will pray to the heavens.
  This is what happens in the beginning of Black & White.
  .
  Your new tribe bow before you in awe, and from this moment your prayer power
  starts to grow. As you carry out godly acts, the belief in you rises and more
  and more people are convinced that worshipping you is the way forward. But you
  can be good or evil. You may choose to rule the world as you wish.
release: 2001-03-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Black & White + Creature Isle (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Black & White + Creature Isle (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Black & White + Creature Isle (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Black & White + Creature Isle (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Black & White + Creature Isle (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Black & White 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Black & White 2 (USA)/Black & White 2 (USA).json
developer: Lionhead Studios Ltd.
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Adventure;Construction and Management Simulation;Role-Playing;Strategy;Sandbox
description:
  Will you be an evil or a benevolent deity? In this sequel to Black & White, you
  reprise your role as a powerful deity in search of a following and return to the
  once-idyllic world of Eden, where the discovery of weaponry and warfare has
  tainted the beautiful landscape. With the help of your gigantic Creature, which
  you raise from infancy, you must earn the respect and worship of the natives.
release: 2005-10-07
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Black & White 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Black & White 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Black & White 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Black & White 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Black & White 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Blair Witch Volume 1 - Rustin Parr (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Blair Witch Volume 1 - Rustin Parr (USA)/Blair Witch Volume 1 - Rustin Parr (USA).json
developer: Terminal Reality
publisher: Gathering of Developers
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  Blair Witch Volume I: Rustin Parr is the first in a series of three games
  that delve into the rumors and unanswered questions surrounding the mythos of
  The Blair Witch. Set in 1941, the first adventure in the Blair Witch series
  pits government special investigator Doc Holliday against the ancient evil that
  drove hermit Rustin Parr to abduct and slay seven children in Burkittsville,
  Maryland. Along the way, Holliday will have to interact with the stricken
  townspeople, investigate hidden legends and arcane rituals, and seek to unravel
  a twisted mystery that still haunts the town.
release: 2000-10-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blair Witch Volume 1 - Rustin Parr (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blair Witch Volume 1 - Rustin Parr (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blair Witch Volume 1 - Rustin Parr (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blair Witch Volume 1 - Rustin Parr (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Blair Witch Volume 2 - The Legend of Coffin Rock (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Blair Witch Volume 2 - The Legend of Coffin Rock (USA)/Blair Witch Volume 2 - The Legend of Coffin Rock (USA).json
developer: Human Head Studios
publisher: Gathering of Developers
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  The second installment of the game is based on a story that was related briefly
  in the first game and the original movie. It is the tale of a Union soldier
  during the American Civil War, Lieutenant Robert MacNichol, who is mortally
  wounded in battle and left for dead. As he slips into unconsciousness, he hears
  a mysterious voice say, "Your time is not up yet, soldier. I have need of you
  yet!". Sure enough, his time is not up – a young girl called Robin Weaver finds
  him and helps him back to the isolated house where she lives with her
  grandmother, Bess.
  .
  While he heals, MacNichol has a number of hallucinations and a near-death
  experience, in which he learns, but does not fully comprehend, that Robin is in
  danger. When he awakes, it is discovered that he is suffering from amnesia, and
  cannot remember who he is. The only clue to his past is the uniform he wears.
  Since MacNichol cannot remember his name, Robin's grandmother, a devout
  Christian, temporarily names him Lazarus.
  .
  Robin's grandmother, with Lazarus now in her debt, informs him that Robin has
  disappeared into the woods and begs him to find her. She is convinced that "the
  woods have her." Lazarus regards this as paranoia, and thinks that Robin has
  simply gone to play in the woods and is late in returning. Bess is insistent,
  however, and the soldier reluctantly agrees to help in the search for Robin.
  .
  As the game progresses, Lazarus recalls elements of his past, by means of
  flashback game sequences, which slowly explain how the current events come to
  be; MacNichol led his men into the forest in search of confederate scavengers,
  who all fell prey to the curse before MacNichol was shot in the head. He
  discovers a blind old hermit to be Robin's abductor, for a sacrifice for the
  demon Hecaitomix. The hermit made a deal with Hecaitomix to get his eye sight
  restored, and Hecaitomix turns him into a demon himself. MacNichol learns of a
  ritual that Hecaitomix and is using in a plot to possess Robin, involving
  imprisoning children's souls and mutilating the search party.
  .
  MacNichol manages to disrupt the ritual, allowing Hecaitomix to temporarily
  possess him, while he sends Robin back to her grandmother. Using the last of his
  strength, MacNichol manages to free the imprisoned souls, and defeat
  Hecaitomix's acolyte. MacNichol collapses into unconsciousness, but awakes
  confused back in the Weaver house.
release: 2000-10-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blair Witch Volume 2 - The Legend of Coffin Rock (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blair Witch Volume 2 - The Legend of Coffin Rock (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blair Witch Volume 2 - The Legend of Coffin Rock (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blair Witch Volume 2 - The Legend of Coffin Rock (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Blair Witch Volume 3 - The Elly Kedward Tale (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Blair Witch Volume 3 - The Elly Kedward Tale (USA)/Blair Witch Volume 3 - The Elly Kedward Tale (USA).json
developer: Ritual Entertainment
publisher: Gathering of Developers
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  The final episode of the trilogy is an original story that was not mentioned in
  the film, although it was briefly referred to in the first two games. It is
  basically an origin story, telling of how the Blair Witch legend came to be, set
  in 1785, in the early days of the Blair Township (later renamed Burkittsville).
  The story's main character is Jonathan Prye, a former priest who left the clergy
  during a crisis of faith. Prye, now a witch-hunter, is called to Blair to
  investigate events related to the disappearance of a woman called Elly Kedward a
  few weeks earlier.
  .
  Elly Kedward was accused of witchcraft after it was found she had been drawing
  blood from the local children and performing pagan rituals. She was tried,
  convicted and sentenced to be banished from the town. Instead, the locals tied
  her to a wheelbarrow, dragged her into the nearby woods and left her to freeze
  to death. Kedward disappeared from the wheelbarrow to which she was tied, and
  was never seen again.
  .
  A few days later, children from the township began to disappear, and the
  terrified villagers began to flee — with only the local magistrate, Jonah, and
  the township's chaplain, Father Hale Goodfellow, remaining behind. Father
  Goodfellow is convinced that a supernatural force is at work; Jonah, a skeptic,
  refuses to believe this, assuming Kedward is behind the kidnappings and is still
  at large near the town. There are also two people who are locked in a jail in
  the town: Hirrum Heathtow is a drunk, and Elizabeth Styler is a supposed witch
  who was arrested when she was found in Elly's house, reciting strange phrases.
  .
  The player must guide Prye through his investigation, to discover what happened
  to Elly Kedward. In his search, he happens upon a child having been bound and
  tortured in the forest. After freeing the child, a voice warns him not to
  interfere before sending zombies onto him. In the forest, Prye meets a shaman by
  the name of Asgaya Gigagei, who tells him of the legend of Hecaitomix, an evil
  spirit once worshipped by the Natives before white settlers first arrived.
  Angered that he's no longer revered, Hecaitmox plans to destroy the human race
  and conquer the world. Prye learns that Hecaitomix has abducted a number of
  children for sacrificial murder, and makes it his quest to rescue them.
  .
  Prye's journey not only takes him throughout the woods, but into the spirit
  realm which Hecaitmox conquered, but the demonic realm which he already rules.
  While rescuing Hecaitomix's hostages and facing his minions, Prye eventually
  faces Hecatomix himself, with Asgaya's help. After escaping Hecaitomix's realm,
  Prye encounters Styler, who reveals herself to be a servant and vessel of
  Hecaitomix. The two fight, with Prye managing to defeat her (either by killing
  her or exorcising the demon from her body).
  .
  If Styler is killed, Prye is thanked by the townspeople for having rescued the
  children and is offered a job as a constable, which Prye declines, having
  regained his faith and returns to his church to resume his previous position.
  Exorcising Styler results in a different ending where she returns to her senses
  and thanks Prye, explaining that she had been under the demon's influence all
  throughout the story. She asks Prye to come with her, hinting at a romantic
  partnership. Prye declines, reaffirming his faith and desire to return to his
  flock. Prye and Styler share a goodbye and part ways.
release: 2000-11-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blair Witch Volume 3 - The Elly Kedward Tale (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blair Witch Volume 3 - The Elly Kedward Tale (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blair Witch Volume 3 - The Elly Kedward Tale (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blair Witch Volume 3 - The Elly Kedward Tale (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Blood - Spill Some (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Blood - Spill Some (USA)/Blood - Spill Some (USA).json
developer: Monolith Productions
publisher: GT Interactive
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  You carved your soul to shreds in servitude to a dark god, but false promises
  and betrayal were your only reward. Now you've got a score to settle and it
  will be measured in...
  BLOOD
  Bloodcurdling realism: moving trains, planes and shifting ice floes add to
  the 3D terror!
  Eight player Bloodbath mode: optimized for online services, modem-play and LAN,
  offers white-knuckled battles, fiendish new enemy humiliations, and "The Voice"
  commenting on each of your kills!
  Advanced Build engine offers dynamic, interactive environments: true
  rooms-above-rooms, sloped and slanted floors/ceilings, translucent water and
  hemorrhaging walls!
  Macabre map editor: allows you to build your own abominations!
  Destroy huge parts of the environment: scar walls with bullet holes, ripe trees
  apart with dynamite, ruin architecture--experience the ultimate in wildly
  horrific gaming!
  Play and destroy dark carny games: Kick the Head, ride the Happy Go Pukey, even
  bash mimes because a mime is a wonderful thing to waste!
  Scads of power-ups and super secrets: Death Masks and Guns Akimbo; Fire and
  Spirit armor; hidden areas and other gruesome discoveries await you!
  Massive gib explosions fly from evil enemies: set fire to your rivals and watch
  them dance; play soccer with zombies' heads; shoot a cultist with a flare gun
  and he'll disintegrate into a pile of flaming gibs!
  Experience 3D sound in 3D space: shudder as speeding missiles whiz by & bullets
  ricochet off walls!
release: 1997-03-07
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blood - Spill Some (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blood - Spill Some (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blood - Spill Some (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blood - Spill Some (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Blood - Spill Some (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Braid & Welcome to Mysterious City - Vegas (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Braid & Welcome to Mysterious City - Vegas (USA)/Braid & Welcome to Mysterious City - Vegas (USA).json
developer: Number None
publisher: Number None
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Braid is a puzzle-platformer, drawn in a painterly style, where the player
  manipulates the flow of time in strange and unusual ways. From a house in the
  city, journey to a series of worlds and solve puzzles to rescue an abducted
  princess. In each world, you have a different power to affect the way time
  behaves, and it is time's strangeness that creates the puzzles. Braid treats
  your time and attention as precious; there is no filler in this game. Every
  puzzle shows you something new and interesting about the game world.
release: 2009-04-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Braid & Welcome to Mysterious City - Vegas (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Braid & Welcome to Mysterious City - Vegas (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Braid & Welcome to Mysterious City - Vegas (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Braid & Welcome to Mysterious City - Vegas (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Braid & Welcome to Mysterious City - Vegas (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Brutal Doom - Hell on Earth Starter Pack (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Brutal Doom - Hell on Earth Starter Pack (USA)/Brutal Doom - Hell on Earth Starter Pack (USA).json
developer: Sergeant_Mark_IV
publisher: Sergeant_Mark_IV
genre: Shooting
description:
  Brutal Doom is a gameplay mod that was created in 2010 by Sergeant Mark IV.
  It is compatible with Doom, The Ultimate Doom, Doom II: Hell on Earth,
  Final Doom, TNT: Evilution, Plutonia and other custom WADs. Brutal Doom
  won the first ever Cacoward in 2011 for Best Gameplay Mod and a MOTY
  award for creativity by Mod DB in 2012.
  .
  Brutal Doom received public recognition from John Romero himself during
  the IGN gameplay video made for the 20th anniversary of Doom, stating that
  if they had released Brutal Doom instead of Doom back in 1993, they
  "would've destroyed the game industry" and that "Brutal Doom is hilarious"
  (said at 1:08:48).
  .
  Perhaps the most obvious and eye-catching feature of Brutal Doom is the
  addition of features like; additional blood (blood is splattered on
  walls and ceilings if enemies or the player are hit), the ability to
  blow off body parts with strong weapons like the shotgun and the
  addition of special illuminating effects on projectiles and pick ups.
  It is compatible with the source ports ZDoom, GZDoom, Skulltag, and
  Zandronum.
  .
  While primarily a gore mod, it goes further and alters the game-play by
  changing many other aspects such as the sounds, graphics, and combat.
  One major change is the increased difficulty; making enemy behavior much
  faster, unpredictable and dangerous (many attacks do double the normal
  damage to the player) and altering their attacks. It also makes the
  animations smoother and gives the player new abilities.
release: 2015-12-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Brutal Doom - Hell on Earth Starter Pack (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Brutal Doom - Hell on Earth Starter Pack (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Brutal Doom - Hell on Earth Starter Pack (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Brutal Doom - Hell on Earth Starter Pack (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Brutal Doom - Hell on Earth Starter Pack (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Brutal Legend (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/B/Brutal Legend (USA)/Brutal Legend (USA).json
developer: Double Fine Productions
publisher: Double Fine Productions
genre: Action;Music;Sandbox;Strategy;Beat 'em Up
description:
  From the mind of Tim Schafer (Psychonauts, Grim Fandango) comes Brütal Legend,
  the ultimate heavy metal action game starring Jack Black (School of Rock,
  Tenacious D). You are heavy metal roadie Eddie Riggs, hurled back in time to the
  mythical Age of Metal when the world was formed and ruled by the power of Rock!
  Armed with a broadaxe, a guitar, and a big block V8 you set off on an epic quest
  to assemble an army of headbangers, hot rods, barbarians, demonic dominatrix,
  and the undead. With the wings of a demon and the power of a Rock God, you must
  lead humanity in an epic war against its barbaric overlords, and carve your name
  forever into the Brutal Legend.
  .
  In Brütal Legend, you'll roam through a massive open-world born from the hell
  fires of heavy metal. In this world you can rev up any vehicle, rock its
  weapons, and crush the enemies of metal. You'll also learn to devastate with
  your guitar, playing face-melting solos that actually melt the faces of your
  enemies, command savage armies, bang skulls in hand-to-hand combat, and rise
  like a bat out of hell to command blood-drenched action from above. As if that
  wasn't enough, you can slay your friends and foes online, then play guitar licks
  on their graves! Of course, Brutal Legend is only complete with the most
  ultimate heavy metal soundtrack ever assembled in a game.
release: 2013-02-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Brutal Legend (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Brutal Legend (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Brutal Legend (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Brutal Legend (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Brutal Legend (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth (USA)/Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth (USA).json
developer: Headfirst Productions
publisher: 2K Games
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror;Stealth
description:
  Detective Jack Walters arrived in Innsmouth to solve a case of a missing person.
  But soon he finds himself confronted with terrible mysteries older than
  humanity, and with ghosts of the mysterious events that led to his incarceration
  in a mental hospital years ago.
  .
  Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth is a first-person action-adventure
  survival horror game, based on the H.P. Lovecraft mythos and his short story
  "The Shadow Over Innsmouth".
  .
  Initially, CoC: DCotE plays like an adventure game, but soon it gains elements
  of a stealth game and of a first-person shooter. Notably, the game does not
  feature an on-screen HUD (not even a crosshair); Jack's health is hinted at by
  visual cues; as for ammo, you need to remember how much you have left before
  you'll have to reload.
  .
  The health system used in the game is uncommon. There is no "hit points" system;
  rather, Jack receives minor or major wounds in specific parts of the body, and
  if he breaks a leg he's slowed down. To heal himself and prevent death from
  bleeding out, Jack can pick up medikits which contain bandages, splints, sutures
  and antidotes, each of which is used to heal a specific type of wound. Ill
  effects emerging from the wounds can be temporarily suppressed with a fix of
  morphine.
  .
  Jack's sanity also plays an important role. When Jack looks at disturbing things
  or finds himself in alarming conditions, his vision blurs, he begins hearing
  voices and talking to himself. If this gets too bad, Jack may go insane or
  commit suicide. Also, Jack suffers from acrophobia, and looking down in high
  places will cause him vertigo.
release: 2006-03-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Captain Forever Remix (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Captain Forever Remix (USA)/Captain Forever Remix (USA).json
developer: Pixelsaurus Games
publisher: Pixelsaurus Games
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  You built your spaceship out of Plasma Cannons, bulkheads, and a couple of Twin
  Thrusters. Just ahead there's a massive enemy vessel bristling with MegaBoom
  Missiles. You want those missiles. You need those missiles. You dart forward and
  maneuver deftly between the spinning RipSaw blades on the front of the enemy
  craft and blast away at the Command Core. BOOM! It explodes leaving behind a
  haul of weapons and thrusters. Those MegaBoom Missiles are free for the taking.
  You quickly attach them to the front of your own ship, making it much larger and
  more powerful...
release: 2016-06-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Captain Forever Remix (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Captain Forever Remix (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Captain Forever Remix (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Captain Forever Remix (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Captain Forever Remix (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Carmen Sandiego - Word Detective (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Carmen Sandiego - Word Detective (USA)/Carmen Sandiego - Word Detective (USA).json
developer: The Learning Company
publisher: Navarre Corporation
genre: Education
description:
  Word is out! In an unspeakable attempt to turn the English language on its ear,
  Carmen Sandiego has invented the Babble-On machine, a diabolical device that
  transforms language into utter nonsense. As Agent 13, your mission is to free a
  dozen babbling ACME agents by completing over 60 activities that will further
  develop your spelling grammer, and vocabulary skills. Good Luck!
release: 1997-06-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Carmen Sandiego - Word Detective (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Carmen Sandiego - Word Detective (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Carmen Sandiego - Word Detective (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Carmen Sandiego - Word Detective (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Carmen Sandiego - Word Detective (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castle of the Winds I - A Question of Vengeance (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Castle of the Winds I - A Question of Vengeance (USA)/Castle of the Winds I - A Question of Vengeance (USA).json
developer: SaadaSoft
publisher: Epic Games
genre: Role-Playing;General
description:
  Get ready for the fight of your life!
  .
  The goal? Avenge the death of your godparents and reclaim your birthright.
  The twist? You create your own character, determining his/her sex, strength,
  intelligence and dexterity. Sounds easy enough, right? Think again.
  .
  Castle of the Winds is going to take every bit of courage, wit, and quick
  thinking. Armed with basic weapons, you are let loose in a tiny hamlet. While
  exploring, you discover bits and pieces about your past. Go on to journey
  through a mine in the mountains, a tiny village, and, finally, a giant fortress.
  .
  There is just one piece of information we have yet to mention.
  .
  Along the way, you will meet up with over 100 evil monsters, which must be
  slain to reach your goal! Battle everything from devils to dragons, humans
  to humanoids -- each more dangerous than the last.
  .
  Do not give up! If you keep your wits, you will discover magic potions,
  scrolls mapping out different levels, and move to help you along the way.
  .
  With stunning graphics and one thrilling challenge after another, Castle of
  the Winds 1 is the game you have been waiting for!
release: 1993-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castle of the Winds I - A Question of Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castle of the Winds I - A Question of Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castle of the Winds I - A Question of Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castle of the Winds I - A Question of Vengeance (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Castle of the Winds II - Lifthransir's Bane (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Castle of the Winds II - Lifthransir's Bane (USA)/Castle of the Winds II - Lifthransir's Bane (USA).json
developer: SaadaSoft
publisher: Epic Games
genre: Role-Playing;General
description:
  Your godparents have been murdered, and you are out to seek revenge and
  reclaim your birthright. To do this, you must defeat Surtur from his possession.
  .
  To begin, create your own character, determining sex, strength, intelligence
  and dexterity. Then, collect your weapons and head out for your journey.
  Keep your eyes open along the way. You will discover magical potions and maps
  that will bring you great relief... and you will need every bit of armor
  possible to complete the task. After all, you must struggle through twenty-five
  treacherous levels in the Castle of the Winds. Do battle with one repulsive
  monster after another -- each more dangerous than the last. Just when you think
  it is safe, poof! A deadly trap! Do not give up. Your family name... and your
  happiness... is at stake.
  .
  With fantasy-like role-playing, stunning graphics, and a thrilling soundtrack,
  Castle of the Winds 2 will keep you on the edge of your seat!
release: 1993
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castle of the Winds II - Lifthransir's Bane (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castle of the Winds II - Lifthransir's Bane (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castle of the Winds II - Lifthransir's Bane (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castle of the Winds II - Lifthransir's Bane (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castle of the Winds II - Lifthransir's Bane (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Chariot (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Chariot (USA)/Chariot (USA).json
developer: Frima Studio
publisher: Frima Studio
genre: Platform
description:
  Chariot is a couch co-op platformer that can be played alone or with a friend.
  Players take the role of the brave Princess or her faithful Fiancé as they
  maneuver the departed king's coffin-on-wheels through 25 levels set in 5 vibrant
  underground environments, with his majesty's ghost giving them a piece of his
  mind every step of the way. Filled to the brim with emergent physics-based
  gameplay, Chariot offers hours of exciting exploration, fast-paced ride
  sequences and mountains upon mountains of loot!
release: 2014-11-12
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chariot (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chariot (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chariot (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chariot (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Chariot (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Chex Quest (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Chex Quest (USA)/Chex Quest (USA).json
developer: Digital Cafe, Inc.
publisher: Digital Cafe, Inc.
genre: Shooter
description:
  You know they're in there. You hear the distant cries of your cereal freinds
  held captive by the evil slime-toting creatures-the FLEMOIDS. You have the
  chance to save your citizens and zap those gooey creatures back to their own
  dimension before they imprison you in Goo! Do you accept the challenge?
  .
  Get ready for non-stop action! Get ready for state-of-the-art fun! Get ready for
  Chex Quest, the first ever CD-ROM cereal game!
release: 1996-11-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chex Quest (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chex Quest (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chex Quest (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chex Quest (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Chex Quest (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Codename Nina - Global Terrorism Strike Force (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Codename Nina - Global Terrorism Strike Force (USA)/Codename Nina - Global Terrorism Strike Force (USA).json
developer: City Interactive
publisher: ValueSoft
genre: Action;Adventure;Shooter
description:
  You are NINA, a highly trained army of one. Infiltrate international hot
  spots to eliminate the deadly terrorist threat and accomplish your covert
  mission.
release: 2003-04-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Codename Nina - Global Terrorism Strike Force (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Codename Nina - Global Terrorism Strike Force (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Codename Nina - Global Terrorism Strike Force (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Codename Nina - Global Terrorism Strike Force (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Codename Nina - Global Terrorism Strike Force (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Costume Quest (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Costume Quest (USA)/Costume Quest (USA).json
developer: Double Fine Productions
publisher: Double Fine Productions
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  It's Halloween and the siblings Wern and Reynold, new to town, are going
  trick-or-treat through the neighborhood in order to make some new friends. The
  player can choose between both of them, while the other will be kidnapped by a
  monster neighbor. The quest, as expected, consists on rescuing your
  brother/sister.
  .
  Costume Quest is a RPG with turn-based combat. The game takes you door by door
  asking for candy and fighting against the monsters that you find in some of the
  houses with the power of your costume. There is around a dozen of them and they
  have the power to transform the wearer into vampires, robots, the statue of
  liberty and many other creatures. The combats plays through synchronized button
  pushing much like in the Mario RPGs. Combat abilities are enhanced by acquiring
  experience points through a typical leveling system. Additionally, "combat
  stamps", which is the name used in the game for combat enhancements, can be
  obtained in the side quests (like finding collectibles or helping the characters
  of the neighborhood), with candy as the currency to buy these.
release: 2011-10-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Costume Quest (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Costume Quest (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Costume Quest (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Costume Quest (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Costume Quest (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Curse - The Eye of Isis (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/C/Curse - The Eye of Isis (USA)/Curse - The Eye of Isis (USA).json
developer: Asylum Entertainment
publisher: DreamCatcher Interactive
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  Someone has stolen an artifact from the British Museum - a sacred (and CURSED)
  Egyptian statuette called the "Eye of Isis". You are called in to investigate
  its disappearance, find and return it to the pyramid where it once resided. The
  deadly curse must be stopped, and time is of the essence!
  .
  Curse: The Eye of Isis is a horror action game. Choose to play either Dr. Darien
  Dane or his assistant, Victoria Sutton. Each character has different scenarios
  to complete to reach the same objective. Travel to seven different locations,
  battling undead monsters (zombies, mummies, etc. and their bosses) as well as
  animated deadly objects. Locate and use a variety of weapons including a
  shotgun, rifle, pistol, truncheon, crossbow, flame-thrower and mortar gun. Find
  clues, characters and puzzles to help you discover the location of the sacred
  statue.
  .
  During the game, realtime 3D cut scenes, interactions with NPCs as well as
  visual and audio messages provide more information to advance the story line.
  Gameplay is in 3rd person with action scenes reverting to 1st person.
release: 2003-10-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Curse - The Eye of Isis (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Curse - The Eye of Isis (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Curse - The Eye of Isis (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Curse - The Eye of Isis (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Curse - The Eye of Isis (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dark Eye, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dark Eye, The (USA)/Dark Eye, The (USA).json
developer: Inscape
publisher: GT Interactive Software France
genre: Adventure
description:
  The Dark Eye is an interactive adventure through the works of Edgar Allan Poe
  featuring the voice of William S. Burroughs and the music of Thomas Dolby
  Robertson. While experiencing an original Poe-esque adventure, the player is
  transported into several of Poe's most famous works including The Cask of
  Amontillado and The Tell-Tale Heart. All of the stories are surrealistically
  rendered with claymation figures and haunting music. Burrough's reading of The
  Masque of the Red Death is not to be missed.
  .
  Outside of Poe's literature, the game tells the tale of a nameless protagonist
  who is visiting his uncle Edwin (Played by William S. Burroughs) and his brother
  Henry and the young Elise. As time goes on, Henry & Elise engage in a sordid
  relationship that Edwin does not approve of and the story takes many dark turns
  that ultimately leads to the characters insanity.
release: 1995-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dark Eye, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dark Eye, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dark Eye, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dark Eye, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dark Eye, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dark Seed (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dark Seed (USA)/Dark Seed (USA).json
developer: Incentive Software
publisher: Cinemaware
genre: Adventure;Point-and-Click
description:
  Darkseed is based upon the fantastic artwork of swiss surrealist H.R. Giger,
  the inspiration for such blockbusters as Alien, Alien 3 and Poltergeist II.
  Giger has revolutionised the look of Science Fiction forever with his unique
  "biomechanical" style which depicts the synthesis of technology and biology
  as they might evolve without the influence of man.
  .
  Challenge your mind... You are Mike Dawson, a Science Fiction writer who just
  purchased an old victorian house. As you explore your new home, you soon
  discover that you have bought more than you bargain for.
  .
  Control the fate of two worlds... The world as we know it and the dark world
  of an ancient and dying civilisation. Unlock the secret of a sinister plot
  and discover the dark passage to their world... A place more terrifying than
  your darkest nightmare.
  .
  Time is running out... You are on a collision course with destiny and only you
  have the ability to save yourself and the world from a cruel and inhuman fate.
  Every decision may be your last, so choose wisely... All of humanity is
  depending on you.
release: 1989
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dark Seed (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dark Seed (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dark Seed (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dark Seed (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dark Seed (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Darwinia (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Darwinia (USA)/Darwinia (USA).json
developer: Introversion Software
publisher: Introversion Software
genre: Strategy
description:
  Combining fast-paced action with strategic battle planning, Darwinia features a
  novel and intuitive control mechanism, a graphical style ripped from 80's retro
  classics like Tron and Defender, and a story concerning a tribe of nomadic
  sprites trapped in a modern 3D world.
release: 2005-03-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Darwinia (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Darwinia (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Darwinia (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Darwinia (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Darwinia (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Diablo II & Lord of Destruction (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Diablo II & Lord of Destruction (USA)/Diablo II & Lord of Destruction (USA).json
developer: Blizzard Entertainment
publisher: Blizzard Entertainment
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  The story of Diablo II takes place some time after the end of the previous game,
  Diablo, in the lands of Sanctuary. In Diablo the main body of the story takes
  place beneath the floors of a cathedral in a small town known as Tristram. It is
  here that Diablo, the Lord of Terror, is defeated by an unnamed warrior after
  many previous battles are also won.\n
  The unnamed warrior that vanquished Diablo drove the demon's soulstone into his
  forehead, in an attempt to contain the monster's essence within his own body.
  Later in the canon it is suggested that this is what Diablo intended so that,
  should he be defeated, he had an "escape plan" in place of dying.\n
  The unnamed warrior is ill fated from the moment he does this and is gradually
  corrupted over the course of the next few days by the demon's spirit. Deckard
  Cain recounts the story to the next band of adventurers that pass through the
  Rogue Encampment in Diablo II. It is one of these adventurers that appears in
  the wake of the destruction caused by the now possessed unnamed warrior, and
  attempts to find out the cause of the evil, starting with the corrupted warrior
  (known as the Dark Wanderer throughout Diablo II).
release: 2000-06-29
players: 8
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Diablo II & Lord of Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Diablo II & Lord of Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Diablo II & Lord of Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Diablo II & Lord of Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Diablo II & Lord of Destruction (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dig, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dig, The (USA)/Dig, The (USA).json
developer: LucasArts
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Adventure
description:
  A group of scientists discovers an asteroid that is on its way to a collision
  with the Earth. Is there any way to prevent the disaster? Boston Low, a NASA
  veteran, is sent to command a space expedition on the asteroid. Accompanied by
  the journalist Maggie Robbins and the archaeologist Brink, Boston investigates
  the asteroid and finds a strange structure that undoubtedly belongs to an alien
  civilization. During the course of investigations, the team finds itself on a
  seemingly deserted planet. They have no knowledge of the planet and no
  possibility of going back. Will they ever discover the secret of this strange
  world and find a way to get home?
  .
  The Dig is a point-and-click adventure game with a simple one-cursor interface.
  Most of the puzzles are inventory-based, tending to be somewhat more complex
  than in most preceding LucasArts' adventure games. There are also a few
  logic-based puzzles, which require understanding and manipulation of alien
  technology and life forms on the planet. Traditional branching dialogue system
  is utilized; however, the game focuses more on puzzle-solving than on
  conversations to advance the plot.
  .
  The game's story is influenced by science fiction literature and movies, and
  strives to be realistic, departing from the comedy style of LucasArts'
  adventures. Despite that, humorous elements are present in some of the dialogues
  and text descriptions. The game utilizes hand-drawn graphics with a few
  pre-rendered 3D images.
release: 2002-10-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dig, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dig, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dig, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dig, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dig, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dino Crisis (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dino Crisis (USA)/Dino Crisis (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Virgin Interactive Entertainment, Inc.
genre: Horror
description:
  Dino Crisis is a survival horror video game by Capcom, released in 2000 for
  Microsoft Windows. It was directed and produced by Resident Evil creator Shinji
  Mikami, and developed by a team of staff members that would later become part of
  Capcom Production Studio.
  .
  In the game, a special forces team must find a way to survive in a secret
  government facility that has been infested with dinosaurs. It features survival
  horror gameplay similar to the Resident Evil series and was promoted by Capcom
  as "panic horror".
release: 1999-12-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dino Crisis (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dino Crisis (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dino Crisis (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dino Crisis (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dino Crisis (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dino Crisis 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dino Crisis 2 (USA)/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).json
developer: Capcom Production Studio 4
publisher: Capcom
genre: Puzzle;Horror
description:
  Dino Crisis 2 is a Action-adventure video game. The story follows the events of
  the last game, where Regina is now on another mission involving a facility
  located close to the fictional Edward City, where a major anomaly has caused the
  whole island to be transported back in time to the era of the dinosaurs, along
  with all the human inhabitants. Regina is sent on a rescue mission with her new
  ally Dylan Morton, who has a strange connection to the events on the island. The
  player's control switches between Regina and Dylan at specific points in the
  game.
release: 2003-08-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dino Crisis 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Doom II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Doom II (USA)/Doom II (USA).json
developer: id Software, Inc.
publisher: GT Interactive Software
genre: Shooter
description:
  DOOM II: Hell on Earth is a first-person shooter video game, the second title of
  id Software's Doom franchise. It was originally released for MS-DOS computers in
  1994 and Macintosh computers in 1995. Unlike DOOM, which was initially only
  available through shareware and mail order, DOOM II was a commercial release
  sold in stores. Master Levels for DOOM II, an expansion pack that includes 21
  new levels, was released on December 26, 1995 by id Software.
  .
  DOOM II was not dramatically different from its predecessor. There were no major
  technological developments, graphical improvements, or substantial gameplay
  changes. Instead, the development team took advantage of advances in computer
  hardware since the release of the original game that allowed them to do more
  with their game engine by making much larger and more intricate levels. The game
  still consisted of the player navigating large non-linear levels. Each level is
  infested with demons that can be killed with a variety of weapons that can be
  picked up throughout the game. Levels are completed by finding an exit, whether
  it be a switch or a teleport, the goal is simply to advance to the next area. As
  with its predecessor, DOOM II's levels can be completed in a straightforward
  fashion. However, because the levels are non-linear players can wander off the
  beaten path, and those that do are often rewarded with bonuses, like health
  pickups and more powerful weapons. Due to the larger and more complicated maps
  with larger groups of monsters, the game had somewhat higher system requirements
  than the original.
  .
  Rather than the player playing through three related episodes as in the first
  DOOM, gameplay takes place over one giant episode, albeit with interludes for
  when the story develops. Instead of watching the player's progress on a map (as
  in the original episodes of DOOM), the screens between each level simply show a
  background (a style carried over to the bonus fourth episode of DOOM available
  in The Ultimate DOOM, the retail re-release of the original DOOM). This also
  means the player is never forced to lose all of his or her inventory after
  completing an episode.
  .
  DOOM II doubled the number of non-boss monster types and started using bosses
  from the original DOOM as normal level enemies, in addition to adding a new
  weapon, the double-barreled shotgun (called the Super Shotgun in the game), and
  a new power-up, the Megasphere.
release: 1995-01-01
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Doom II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Doom II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Doom II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Doom II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Doom II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: DreamWeb (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/DreamWeb (USA)/DreamWeb (USA).json
developer: Creative Reality
publisher: Empire Interactive
genre: Adventure;Point-and-Click
description:
  It was just a dream. It was so real... so vivid! It was just a dream... wasn't
  it?
  .
  In your dreams you travel, to the DreamWeb - everyone does. It affects the plane
  of your subconscious. Ryan has a disturbing inner turmoil. Driving him. Testing
  him. Forcing him through this battle of the subconscious mind.
  .
  The DreamWeb is about to be shattered.
release: 1994-06-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/DreamWeb (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/DreamWeb (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/DreamWeb (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/DreamWeb (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/DreamWeb (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dungeon Keeper 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dungeon Keeper 2 (USA)/Dungeon Keeper 2 (USA).json
developer: Bullfrog Productions
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Strategy
description:
  Like its predecessor, players take the role of a dungeon keeper, building and
  defending an underground dungeon from the would-be heroes that invade it, as
  well as from other keepers. In the game's campaign mode, the player is charged
  with recovering the portal gems from each area in order to open a portal to the
  surface.
release: 1999-06-30
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dungeon Keeper 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dungeon Keeper 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dungeon Keeper 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dungeon Keeper 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dungeon Keeper 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dungeon Keeper Gold (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dungeon Keeper Gold (USA)/Dungeon Keeper Gold (USA).json
developer: Bullfrog Productions
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Strategy
description:
  Dungeon Keeper is a strategy video game released for the PC in which the player
  attempts to build and manage a dungeon or lair while protecting it from
  (computer-controlled) 'hero' characters intent on stealing the user's
  accumulated treasures and killing various monsters.
  .
  Includes The Deeper Dungeons expansion pack
release: 1998-12-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dungeon Keeper Gold (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dungeon Keeper Gold (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dungeon Keeper Gold (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dungeon Keeper Gold (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dungeon Keeper Gold (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dungeon Master II - The Legend of Skullkeep (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dungeon Master II - The Legend of Skullkeep (USA)/Dungeon Master II - The Legend of Skullkeep (USA).json
developer: Interplay
publisher: Interplay
genre: Role-Playing;Western-Style
description:
  The one that started it all returns to once again redefine the standards of
  the interactive Dungeon experience. From the trap-filled dungeons of Skullkeep
  to the storm-ravaged villages above, you'll enter a gaming experience that
  will challenge you like nothing before.
  .
  Commanding your party of warriors, you'll enter the most intelligent and
  realistic role-playing world ever created. Featuring an all-new version of
  the interface that defined point-and-click and a gaming world that is
  actually alive, Dungeon Master™ II is the ultimate quest of magic, dungeons
  and monsters.
release: 1993-12-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dungeon Master II - The Legend of Skullkeep (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dungeon Master II - The Legend of Skullkeep (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dungeon Master II - The Legend of Skullkeep (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dungeon Master II - The Legend of Skullkeep (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dungeon Master II - The Legend of Skullkeep (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dust - An Elysian Tale (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dust - An Elysian Tale (USA)/Dust - An Elysian Tale (USA).json
developer: Humble Hearts
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action;Platformer;Metroidvania
description:
  Immerse yourself in a gorgeous hand-painted world on a search for your true
  identity. As the mysterious warrior, Dust, your action-packed journey will
  take you from peaceful glades to snowy mountaintops and beyond. At your disposal
  is the mythical Blade of Ahrah, capable of turning its wielder into an
  unstoppable force of nature, and the blade's diminutive guardian, Fidget.
  Battle dozens of enemies at once with an easy-to-learn, difficult-to-master
  combat system, take on a variety of quests from friendly villagers, discover
  ancient secrets and powerful upgrades hidden throughout the massive, open world,
  and uncover the story of an ancient civilization on the brink of extinction as
  you fight to uncover your own past.
release: 2012-08-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dust - An Elysian Tale (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dust - An Elysian Tale (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dust - An Elysian Tale (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dust - An Elysian Tale (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dust - An Elysian Tale (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dyscourse (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/D/Dyscourse (USA)/Dyscourse (USA).json
developer: Owlchemy Labs
publisher: Owlchemy Labs
genre: Adventure
description:
  Dyscourse is an interactive choice-based narrative adventure game where you
  journey through a stylised world of choice and consequence. You play as Rita, an
  unfortunate art school grad turned barista, who is now stuck on a desert island
  with a crew of oddball travellers after a plane crash. That last choice you just
  made? It may end up being integral to your group’s survival, or it may lead you
  down a path to murder and cannibalism!
release: 2015-03-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dyscourse (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dyscourse (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dyscourse (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dyscourse (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dyscourse (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: EarthSiege (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/EarthSiege (USA)/EarthSiege (USA).json
developer: Dynamix
publisher: Sierra On-Line, Inc.
genre: Shooter
description:
  The war between the human resistance and the evil robotic Cybrids renews!
  Prometheus has built a base on the moon and is producing Cybrids by the
  thousands. As a member of the human resistance, you pilot your HERC ('Mech)
  against the Cybrids. You have up to 3 wingmates. This entry in the Earthsiege
  series features 9 HERCS and something not found in many Mech-type games: an
  aircraft you can fly!
release: 1996-03-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/EarthSiege (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/EarthSiege (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/EarthSiege (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/EarthSiege (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/EarthSiege (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: EarthSiege 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/EarthSiege 2 (USA)/EarthSiege 2 (USA).json
developer: Dynamix
publisher: Sierra Entertainment
genre: Simulation;Vehicle;Combat
description:
  Cybrid HERCs, created by man to do men's bidding, turned on their creators and
  initiated a 20-year guerrilla battle for control of the earth and its distant
  colonies. Now they've assembled in massive numbers, preparing for a final
  assault on earth. For them it is victory or death, and death has little meaning
  to a machine.
release: 1996-03-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/EarthSiege 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/EarthSiege 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/EarthSiege 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/EarthSiege 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/EarthSiege 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Enemy Zero (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/Enemy Zero (USA)/Enemy Zero (USA).json
developer: WARP
publisher: Sega
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  It begins with the high-pitched sound of danger and ends with the victim's
  final breath.
  .
  An invisible force is slaughtering your entire crew on a ship stranded in
  deep space. Suddenly all conventional combat skills are worthless as you
  face your greatest challenge: a silent enemy so brutal, you never see it
  coming. Plus it's 100 times more deadly than any 3 dimensional foe you've
  ever met face-to-face.
release: 1996-12-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Enemy Zero (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Enemy Zero (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Enemy Zero (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Enemy Zero (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Enemy Zero (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Escape Velocity (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/Escape Velocity (USA)/Escape Velocity (USA).json
developer: Ambrosia
publisher: Ambrosia
genre: Strategy
description:
  Escape Velocity spans a number of genres, combining elements of classic
  "trading" games, arcade space shoot-outs, and strategy simulations. Whether you
  choose to build a trading empire, aid the Rebellion in a civil war, or strike
  out on your own as a ruthless pirate, Escape Velocity provides a multitude of
  options for the game connoisseur. This open-ended gameplay allows each player to
  chart their own course as they play; there's no "right" way to play Escape
  Velocity, as long as you have fun!
  .
  Numerous sub-plots fill Escape Velocity's world; your choices affect the story's
  development, guaranteeing that each game will be different from the last. You'll
  have the opportunity to infiltrate hostile military bases, ferry emergency
  supplies to distant star systems, rescue passengers from stranded cruise ships,
  stop alien invaders, and more. In addition, Escape Velocity sports an open game
  engine. Future scenario designers will be able to create their own worlds for
  other players to explore...
release: 1996-05-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Escape Velocity (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Escape Velocity (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Escape Velocity (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Escape Velocity (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Escape Velocity - Nova (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/Escape Velocity - Nova (USA)/Escape Velocity - Nova (USA).json
developer: Ambrosia
publisher: Ambrosia
genre: Simulation
description:
  EV Nova is the third game in the Escape Velocity series, and is by far the most
  ambitious installment to date. With a completely redesigned gaming engine, EV
  Nova thrusts you into a sprawling universe dominated by a myriad of warring
  factions, each sharing a common bond, but so philosophically different as to
  make conflict inevitable.
  .
  It is into this maelstrom of territorial contention that you are thrust, like a
  pebble tumbling aimlessly between the tectonic fault lines that uncomfortably
  separate these divisions of humanity. Welcome to EV Nova. Will the pebble become
  an avalanche?
release: 2002-03-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Escape Velocity - Nova (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Escape Velocity - Nova (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Escape Velocity - Nova (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Escape Velocity - Nova (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Escape Velocity - Override (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/Escape Velocity - Override (USA)/Escape Velocity - Override (USA).json
developer: Ambrosia
publisher: Ambrosia
genre: Strategy
description:
  EV Override is Ambrosia's huge follow up to the classic Escape Velocity. With an
  immersive story and universe created by Peter Cartwright, a new conflict begins
  to unfold. Much like the original game by Matt Burch, you are cast as a
  pioneering space captain with only a small shuttlecraft, a bit of money, and a
  strong sense of destiny. But the similarity ends there.
  .
  Override features a universe five times the size of the original game, and a
  slew of populated worlds within. Gone are the neverending wars which raged in
  the original game; instead, winning critical battles can change the face of the
  universe. Or, if you're happy with the existing balance of power, you can make a
  living as a humble trader. Just watch out for those pesky renegades, who want
  nothing more than to swipe the precious cargo from your holds.
release: 1998-04-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Escape Velocity - Override (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Escape Velocity - Override (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Escape Velocity - Override (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Escape Velocity - Override (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Exile I - Escape From the Pit (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/Exile I - Escape From the Pit (USA)/Exile I - Escape From the Pit (USA).json
developer: Spiderweb Software
publisher: Spiderweb Software
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Exile: Escape From the Pit is the first game in the Exile trilogy, which takes
  place in the strange subterranean world of Exile. Exile is populated by the
  misfits and malcontents of the surface world, people who were forever banished
  to the underworld for being too strange, or too antisocial, or having too many
  incorrect opinions.
  .
  This is the fate you have just suffered, and it is up to you what to do from
  here. Will you try to escape the strange prison of Exile, will you try to gain
  power and save your fellow exiles from the monsters that threaten them, or will
  you try to gain revenge on the Empire that cast you below? It's up to you!
release: 1995-01-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Exile I - Escape From the Pit (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Exile I - Escape From the Pit (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Exile I - Escape From the Pit (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Exile I - Escape From the Pit (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Exile II - Crystal Souls (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/Exile II - Crystal Souls (USA)/Exile II - Crystal Souls (USA).json
developer: Spiderweb Software
publisher: Spiderweb Software
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Exile II: Crystal Souls is the sequel to the shareware hit Exile: Escape From
  the Pit. Several years have passed since the events in the first game. Now, the
  Empire, the cruel monolithic nation ruling the surface world, has realized that
  Exile, the nation they created, has become highly dangerous. Their troops are
  now being teleported into Exile in great numbers, overwhelming the defenses of
  the beleagured souls below.
  .
  There is hope, though. It comes in the form of a new, bizarre race of creatures,
  who live in the deepest of the caves. Will you be able to summon aid to your
  cause, before every last soul in your homeland is wiped out?
release: 1996-03-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Exile II - Crystal Souls (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Exile II - Crystal Souls (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Exile II - Crystal Souls (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Exile II - Crystal Souls (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Exile III - Ruined World (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/Exile III - Ruined World (USA)/Exile III - Ruined World (USA).json
developer: Spiderweb Software
publisher: Spiderweb Software
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Exile III: Ruined World is the triumphant conclusion to the Exile trilogy, a
  massive epic with elegant interface, fascinating plot, and beautiful graphics
  and sound. A more fascinating and playable game, one will be very hard pressed
  to find.
  .
  In Exile, you were cast down into the underworld by the Empire. In Exile II, you
  claimed the pit as your own, and fought off the Empire. In Exile III, your
  battle is to return home, to return to the surface and the sunlight you had
  thought lost forever. The problem - the surface is being destroyed, and nobody
  knows how or why. Move fast, or there will be nothing left for you to return to.
release: 1997-04-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Exile III - Ruined World (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Exile III - Ruined World (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Exile III - Ruined World (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Exile III - Ruined World (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Exile IV - Blades of Exile (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/E/Exile IV - Blades of Exile (USA)/Exile IV - Blades of Exile (USA).json
developer: Spiderweb Software
publisher: Spiderweb Software
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  In Exile, you were cast into the underworld by the Empire. In Exile II, you
  claimed the pit as your own and fought off the Empire. In Exile III, you battled
  to return home, to return to the surface and the sunlight you thought you had
  lost forever. Now, with Blades of Exile, the adventures continue. On the
  surface, rebellion is brewing. In Exile, a new war is tearing the subterranean
  nation apart. There's plenty of war and strife, and plenty of chances for a band
  of adventurers to make their fortunes!
release: 1997-12-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Exile IV - Blades of Exile (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Exile IV - Blades of Exile (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Exile IV - Blades of Exile (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Exile IV - Blades of Exile (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Fallout (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/F/Fallout (USA)/Fallout (USA).json
developer: Interplay Entertainment
publisher: Interplay Productions, Inc.
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  A devastating nuclear war had wiped out almost the entire population of the
  Earth. The civilization, as we know it, has been destroyed. The Earth has become
  a huge wasteland populated by mutated creatures. Only small number of humans
  survived and they formed communities living on the surface, where they mostly
  scavenge what remains from the pre-war civilization. Some lucky people managed
  to reach safety of the Vaults, huge underground dwellings, during the war.
  Recently, the water purification controller chip in Vault 13 broke. Without
  clean water, the people of the Vault cannot survive. One person is sent to find
  a replacement chip and ventures outside to face a dangerous world, hoping to
  return within a hundred and fifty days.
  .
  Fallout is a role-playing game that utilizes a character development system
  called S.P.E.C.I.A.L., an acronym formed from the first letters of the game's
  basic character attributes: Strength, Perception, Endurance, Charisma,
  Intelligence, Agility and Luck. In addition to having these attributes, the
  protagonist can also learn and improve skills, as well as acquire traits and
  perks.
  .
  Skill points are awarded when the player character levels up; traits are
  assigned during character creation, while perks are obtained every three
  character levels. There are eighteen different skills in the game, divided into
  combat, active, and passive categories. Combat skills include weapon
  proficiencies (e.g. small and big guns, melee, etc.); active skills are used for
  support or interacting with the environment (doctor, lockpick, science, steal,
  and others); passive skills are mainly dedicated to social interaction (barter,
  speech, gambling, and so on). Traits bestow various benefits upon the character
  while also imposing penalties; in contrast, perks are purely beneficial. By
  developing and customizing attributes, skills, traits and perks, the player is
  granted a considerable freedom in shaping the protagonist in his combat-related
  and social behavior.
  .
  The game has an open world which can be freely explored from the onset. Only a
  few quests are required to complete in order to advance the main plot; a vast
  amount of side quests is available. Thanks to the game's emphasis on social
  interaction, many problems can be solved in a non-violent way; in fact, it is
  possible to complete the game without engaging in battles at all, running away
  from enemy encounters and concluding the final confrontation in a relatively
  peaceful fashion. Conversely, the player can opt for a destructive path, killing
  everyone in sight. A Karma system is used to track the player's moral decisions
  during the game.
  .
  Combat in Fallout is turn-based. Participants have a limited amount of action
  points (AP) per turn; each action (including movement) depletes a certain number
  of AP, eventually ending a character's turn. The player can target specific body
  parts of enemies during battles. Characters may join the protagonist, traveling
  together and participating in combat as a party. Though the player
release: 1997-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fallout (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fallout (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fallout (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fallout (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Fallout (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Forced - Showdown (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/F/Forced - Showdown (USA)/Forced - Showdown (USA).json
developer: BetaDwarf
publisher: BetaDwarf
genre: Role-Playing;Shooter
description:
  Deckbuilding empowers this challenging bullet hell adventure! Each character is
  a unique experience: Choose a deck of unlockable cards to boost you in new ways
  every battle - "My whirlwind shoots fireballs!?". Battle hordes of brutal foes
  to become a superstar in C-SAR’s ever-changing game show.
release: 2016-03-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Forced - Showdown (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Forced - Showdown (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Forced - Showdown (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Forced - Showdown (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Forced - Showdown (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection One (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/F/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection One (USA)/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection One (USA).json
developer: Black Isle Studios
publisher: Interplay
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  The Forgotten Realms world of Dungeons & Dragons has been home to many a hero
  and imagination since its publication, producing adventures and stories to be retold
  and enjoyed for years to come. The Forgotten Realms Archive - Collection One allows
  you to journey through one such set of adventures: the Eye of the Beholder trilogy,
  a set of first-person, real-time role-playing games.
  .
  EYE OF THE BEHOLDER
  A new evil is plaguing the city of Waterdeep, stalking the streets and preying
  on its citizens. Though initially thought to come from afar, this great evil,
  known only as Xanathar, instead resides within Waterdeep and, if not stopped,
  threatens to overwhelm the city. The Lords of Waterdeep believe that the evil
  lurks in the sewers below and have commissioned a party of adventurers to
  investigate and foil this nefarious plot. Granted full rights of marque and
  ownership of any treasure, artifacts or valuables you find on your quest, you
  must venture into the chasms, discover the nature of this evil and destroy it
  by any means necessary.
  .
  EYE OF THE BEHOLDER II: THE LEGEND OF DARKMOON
  Following your quest in the sewers beneath, you and your party are recovering
  with Waterdeep's finest healers, when a letter arrives from Khelben Blackstaff,
  mystic advisor to the Lords of Waterdeep. Trouble is brewing in the Northern
  and Western regions, and he has tasked you with exploring the land and
  investigating these incidents. Although nothing has been confirmed, renowned
  but troublesome archaeologist, Wently Kelso believes the disturbances are
  related to an evil uprising and the presence of a powerful ancient artefact.
  These troubles could, of course, simply be the work of unruly bandits, but
  since Kelso's previous findings in the sewers of Waterdeep proved true, one
  would be wise not to easily dismiss his opinion on the matter. Therefore,
  you should exercise greater care and vigilance as you begin your next adventure.
  .
  EYE OF THE BEHOLDER III: ASSAULT ON MYTH DRANNOR
  Having rid the sewers of Waterdeep and the dreaded Temple Darkmoon of the evil
  forces within, you and your companions are surely deserving of a strong drink,
  good food and a warm fire. And so, your first port of call is to the nearest
  tavern, where you slop ale all over yourself and engage in jovial antics as
  you regale your adventures to your captivated listeners and admirers. However,
  in the midst of your retelling, the tavern door is thrust open by a hooded
  figure, whose eyes scan the crowd before locking on you and your party.
  Approaching you, he quickly introduces himself and explains his reasons for
  disturbing the festivities; his master wishes you to free the ruined city of
  Myth Drannor from the clutches of a Lich and restore it to its former glory.
  Looks like your adventures aren't over just yet
  .
  With an original story set in the Forgotten Realms universe, the Eye of the
  Beholder trilogy is based on the Advanced Dungeon & Dragons 2nd Edition's
  game rules. Bringing the immersion, wonder and epicness of a D&D campaign
  to the PC, the Eye of the Beholder is a genre-defining and beloved series
  for RPG and Dungeons & Dragons fans alike.
  .
  * Assemble your party across various races and classes - from human to
  dwarf, cleric to thief
  * Use weapons, magic and resolve to ensure your survival as you complete
  your quests
  * Transfer your party across all three titles to keep your band of
  adventurers together to the very end
  * Explore the various dungeons, ruins and secrets that Waterdeep Sewers,
  Temple Darkmoon and Myth Drannor have to offer
  * Fight a wide array of monsters and restore peace to the Forgotten Realms
release: 1999-08-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection One (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection One (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection One (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection One (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection Two (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/F/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection Two (USA)/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection Two (USA).json
developer: Various
publisher: Interplay
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  The Forgotten Realm Archives - Collection Two brings a healthy mix of "Gold
  Box" and nostalgia goodness to your PC, along with a combination of adventure
  builders, turn-based and real-time role-playing gameplay. Composed of RPG
  classics that premiered the Forgotten Realms to video gamers, The Forgotten
  Realm Archives - Collection Two contains the following titles: Pool of Radiance,
  Curse of the Azure Bonds, Hillsfar, Secret of the Silver Blades, Pools of
  Darkness, Gateway to the Savage Frontier, Treasures of the Savage Frontier,
  Forgotten Realms Unlimited Adventures.
  .
  POOL OF RADIANCE
  Located on the northern shore of the Moonsea, the fabled city of Phlan
  has been overrun by monsters led by a mysterious leader. Your quest:
  uncover the identity of this evil force and rid Phlan of its scourge,
  restoring the city to its former glory. Along the way, you hope to find the
  legendary Pool of Radiance, said to glow with its own mystical power. Does
  it really give tremendous strength to the warrior who bathes in its magic
  waters? Or is that just an elfin myth? Before you meet the challenges ahead,
  you must create your characters and choose their races and battle skills.
  Then, set off on your glorious quest to drive out the monsters and let
  civilization reign once more!
  .
  CURSE OF THE AZURE BONDS
  After you saved the entire city of Phlan and located the Pool of Radiance,
  a simple trip to Tilverton should have been as easy as a noon-day stroll.
  But it wasn't Ambushed, captured and knocked unconscious, you awake with no
  idea who attacked you or how you arrived in Tilverton. You only know that
  five azure-blue symbols are imprinted under the skin of your right arm.
  The mystical power of the azure symbols ensnares your will like metal bonds!
  And when the bonds glow, you must do as they command, No magic can dispel
  them, no prayers can remove them. Your only hope: search the world for
  members of the alliance who created the bonds and regain control of your
  own destiny. Only then can you be free of the Curse of the Azure Bonds.
  .
  HILLSFAR
  Every visit to Hillsfar is a different, exhilarating experience. Explore the
  city, meet its colorful denizens on the streets or in pubs and discover a
  quest. Your quest will keep you constantly on the move. Fight in the arena
  against raging minotaurs, ill-tempered orcs or insulted swordsmen. Enter
  different buildings and utilize your maze-running and lock-picking skills.
  Archery and equestrian events may also be part of your overall quest. Think
  and move fast - these mini-games happen in real-time. For adventure, there
  is no place like Hillsfar.
  .
  SECRET OF THE SILVER BLADES
  The frigid valleys of the Dragonspine Mountains echo with the desperate plea
  of terrified miners: "Heroes of the Forgotten Realms, save us from evil!"
  Unwittingly digging in unhallowed ground, they have disturbed an ancient vault
  and released its terrible content. Scores of horrific creatures now infest
  the mine shaft -- and threaten to escape into the world above! You and your
  heroes must find the way to contain this scourge. All hope depends upon your
  ability to unravel the age-old mysteries surrounding this vile infestation.
  .
  POOLS OF DARKNESS
  The Final Challenge. The Ultimate Enemy. First there was Pool of Radiance.
  Next came Curse of the Azure Bonds. Then followed Secret of the Silver
  Blades. Now, the epic has come full circle - Pools of Darkness takes you
  back to the Moonsea region for the final battle against the ultimate enemy.
  Prepare yourself for the biggest adventure yet as you are propelled into
  alternate dimensions on an enormous quest. And, it boasts a fully evolved
  version of the award-winning game system used throughout the series. Transfer
  your characters from Secret of the Silver Blades with levels, money and items
  intact, or create new characters! Either way, you're in for some high-level
  action! Battle monsters never before encountered. Cast powerful new spells.
  Achieve character levels above the 25th level!
  .
  GATEWAY TO THE SAVAGE FRONTIER
  Enter the foreboding lands of an area never before explored in a computer
  fantasy RPG: the Savage Frontier! Sail the Trackless Sea; conquer the heights
  of the Lost Peaks; brave the ruins of Ascore, guardian of the Great Desert;
  visit magical Silvermoon - and much, much more! Your quest: halt the murderous
  conspiracy of dark invaders from afar. Your only hope is to uncover the
  ancient mystical items of power to destroy the malignant invasion! Gateway to
  the Savage Frontier is based on an enhanced version of the award-winning game
  system used in Pool of Radiance, Curse of the Azure Bonds and Secret of the
  Silver Blades. Now you get the freedom to make the story happen the way you
  want! Plus, an all-new wilderness style adds new exploration and excitement to
  outdoor adventure! How can you resist? The Savage Frontier awaits!
  .
  TREASURES OF THE SAVAGE FRONTIER
  The explosive sequel to Gateway to the Savage Frontier is here to put your will
  and discipline to the test. You mission is truly daunting: save the Savage
  Frontier from a cataclysmic war, free Llorkh from its evil captors, and regain
  a powerful magical item lost since ancient times! This big, bold adventure will
  leave you reeling! The award-winning game system used throughout SSI's famous
  gold-box series continues to evolve - new features abound! Movement and combat
  are now subject to the unpredictable effects of weather. Players can now interact
  with NPCs - the can even have romances! Plus, in some situations, combat
  reinforcement can give you extra help just when you need it most. And with the
  Savage Frontier teetering on the brink of all-out war, you can be sure that this
  feature will be put to good use! Transfer your characters from Gateway to the
  Savage Frontier or create new 5th level ones. You'll find much more to explore -
  and the freedom to explore it the way you want - as the Heroes of Ascore attempt
  the impossible yet again!
  .
  FORGOTTEN REALMS UNLIMITED ADVENTURE
  Have you ever wanted to break the chains and design your own AD&D adventure
  scenarios? Well, this is your chance to do it in the incredible Forgotten Realms
  universe. Build maps with the easy-to-use grid screen and link them with teleporters,
  doorways and stairwells. Choose your characters from the massive bank of 112 monsters
  and multiple non-player characters. Design the dungeons of your dreams and test them
  as you go with a point-and-click interface that makes errors gone forever. Test your
  mettle by playing a pre-created scenario, "The Heirs to Skull Crag" with four separate
  quests to solve. Should you choose, you can even modify this ready-to-go adventure.
  With all these tools at your fingertips, the possibilities are endless.
  .
  Each Forgotten Realms classic brings its own unique flare and adventure for you to
  enjoy, ranging from turn-based to real-time combat, a wide variety of locations to
  explore, various classes and races to recruit to your party, treasure to loot, and
  quests and secrets to complete and uncover.
  .
  * An assorted collection of the "Pool of Radiance" and "Savage Frontier" Forgotten
  Realms titles
  * A wide variety of monsters to slay, quests to complete and regions to save
  * Assemble a party of the world's finest Clerics, Warriors, Thieves and more, and
  bring them with you through their respective storylines
  * Immerse yourself in the depth and richness of Dungeons & Dragons campaigns and
  the Forgotten Realms Universe
release: 1999-08-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection Two (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection Two (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection Two (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Forgotten Realms - The Archives - Collection Two (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Freedom Planet (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/F/Freedom Planet (USA)/Freedom Planet (USA).json
developer: GalaxyTrail
publisher: GalaxyTrail
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Fight your way across the celestial world of Avalice where cats are green,
  motorcycles drive up walls and monster girls do most of the buttkicking! Freedom
  Planet is a cartoony, combat-based platform adventure that pits a spunky
  dragonoid and her friends against an alien attack force.
  .
  As Lilac, you can whip enemies with your hair or use the Dragon Boost to fly
  through the air at high speed like a comet. As Carol, you can bust through foes
  with a flurry of punches and kicks or summon a motorcycle that lets you ride up
  walls and ceilings. As Milla, you can summon blocks to throw at enemies or
  reflect their attacks back at them with a psychic shield.
  .
  Help Lilac and friends save their world from war in an engaging Adventure mode
  with fully voiced cutscenes, or skip the fluff and play each stage in order with
  Classic mode. Do you have what it takes to save Avalice from the wrath of Lord
  Brevon and his robotic minions?
release: 2014-07-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Freedom Planet (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Freedom Planet (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Freedom Planet (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Freedom Planet (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Freedom Planet (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: GOD Games Bonus Disc! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/GOD Games Bonus Disc! (USA)/GOD Games Bonus Disc! (USA).json
developer: GOD Games
publisher: GOD Games
genre: Bonus
description:
  A compilation of bonus material released by Gathering of Developers. It was
  included along with some of their titles.
release: 2000
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/GOD Games Bonus Disc! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/GOD Games Bonus Disc! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/GOD Games Bonus Disc! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/GOD Games Bonus Disc! (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: GOD Games Fall 2000 Bonus CD (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/GOD Games Fall 2000 Bonus CD (USA)/GOD Games Fall 2000 Bonus CD (USA).json
developer: GOD Games
publisher: GOD Games
genre: Bonus
description:
  A compilation of bonus material released by Gathering of Developers. It was
  included along with some of their titles.
release: 2000
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/GOD Games Fall 2000 Bonus CD (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/GOD Games Fall 2000 Bonus CD (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/GOD Games Fall 2000 Bonus CD (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/GOD Games Fall 2000 Bonus CD (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Galak-Z (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/Galak-Z (USA)/Galak-Z (USA).json
developer: 17-BIT
publisher: 17-BIT
genre: Shooter
description:
  Brand New features!! The Void DLC offers endless gameplay, Online Leaderboards,
  and a Daily Challenge that allows players to compete worldwide for the top
  score.
  .
  Prepare for the bar to be raised on deep-space 2D dog-fighting! GALAK-Z is a
  modern, A.I. and physics-driven open-world action game, viewed through the lens
  of the classic 16-bit space shooter. Powered by the next-generation Cyntient AI
  platform, GALAK-Z puts players in control of anime-inspired spacecraft
  inhabiting procedurally generated worlds.
  .
  In GALAK-Z both stealth and skill are required to defeat truly intelligent
  enemies. You will be forced to outsmart enemies that think, react and cooperate
  like seasoned pilots! Master your ship’s sublimely-honed controls as you blast
  enemies, unleash missile salvos, and even toss your opponents, mech-style, to
  their explosive demise.
  .
  Recently added, Arcade Mode lets you replay failed missions any number of times
  without losing all of your saved progress. Rogue Mode retains GALAK-Z’s original
  white-knuckle roguelike challenge that harkens back to the 16-bit era of gaming.
  Rogue mode will always be available if and when you’re looking to test your
  skill and bravery by putting everything on the line, every mission.
  .
  Players will be forced to outmaneuver, outgun and outsmart enemies that think,
  react and cooperate like seasoned pilots. Both stealth and skill are required to
  defeat enemy squads in a brutal game of cat and mouse. Prepare for an enemy that
  comes alive like never before!
  .
  - Exclusive Guest Star: Juan from Guacamelee featured as an enemy unit in the
  game!
  .
  - New The Void DLC w/ endless gameplay and Online Leaderboards and a Daily
  Challenge
  .
  - ARCADE mode with per-Mission checkpoints
  .
  - Procedurally-assembled levels
  .
  - Physics based combat simulator!
  .
  - Advanced enemy A.I for intense dogfights!
  .
  - Scripted missions and ‘roguelite’ structure
  .
  - Resource-based, progressive weapons system
  .
  - Inspired by 70s / 80s anime and arcade shooters
release: 2015-10-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Galak-Z (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Galak-Z (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Galak-Z (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Galak-Z (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Galak-Z (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: GameShark PC Code Browser CD-ROM for Game Boy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/GameShark PC Code Browser CD-ROM for Game Boy (USA)/GameShark PC Code Browser CD-ROM for Game Boy (USA).json
developer: InterAct
publisher: InterAct
genre: Utility
description:
  Released in 1998 for the Game Boy and Game Boy Color, it came preloaded with
  codes for 158 games. This list was revised with new games with each
  Gameshark version/revision, as well as the ability to add your own game
  folders and codes. Codes were saved as a string of HEX values that
  represented a specific game state or attribute at a specific memory location
  within the game ROM. When the Game Boy attempted to execute code at said
  memory address, the Game Shark would overwrite it with its own modified code
  (Cheat Code). This allowed for everything from invincibility, extra lives,
  unlimited ammo, rapid fire, sprite modifications, and much more.
  .
  With a feature called Snapshot, a player could take a ROM image of the current
  state of the attached Game Cartridge. The result was the ability to restore the
  game state to a single previous Snapshot, a precursor of sorts to save states
  more commonly enjoyed in modern ROM emulation software. With the V3.1 revision,
  Snapshots could also be saved or downloaded from the PC via an included cable
  that connected to the link-cable port on the Game Boy and a PC's
  Printer/Parallel Port. Game Cartridges that featured a save function utilized
  a battery backup in order to prevent volatile-RAM from losing power when the
  Game Boy was switched off. However, as these batteries ran dry, the ability
  to save game data became impossible. The Gameshark on the other hand utilized
  non-volatile memory that didn't require a battery backup. So Snapshots and
  game codes could be stored indefinitely. A Gameshark was known as a temporary
  workaround for saving games with a depleted battery backup. Gameshark PC
  Software allowed for the creation and management of codes on the PC, profiles,
  even Gameshark Menu wallpapers and themes when used with a Game Boy Color.
  There was also a message board where players could share codes and Game
  Snapshots with each other.
release: 1998
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/GameShark PC Code Browser CD-ROM for Game Boy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/GameShark PC Code Browser CD-ROM for Game Boy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/GameShark PC Code Browser CD-ROM for Game Boy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/GameShark PC Code Browser CD-ROM for Game Boy (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Gateway II - Homeworld (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/Gateway II - Homeworld (USA)/Gateway II - Homeworld (USA).json
developer: Legend Entertainment
publisher: Legend Entertainment
genre: Adventure;Text
description:
  Five hundred thousand years ago, a technologically advanced race called the
  Heechee ruled the galaxy. Then they vanished:
  .
  San Francisco 2112 A.D. A fanatic cult of terrorists plans to bring the Heechee's
  ancient enemy to Earth and purify humanity in a bath of cleansing fire.
  You must stop them, but you can't do it alone.
  .
  The race to stop these madmen catapults you on a journey to new worlds and
  new adventures and ultimately across the event horizon of a black hole where
  you discover mankind's last remaining hope for survival - the Heechee Homeworld.
  .
  Based on Frederik Pohl's Hugo and Nebula award-winning Heechee Saga.
release: 1993-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gateway II - Homeworld (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gateway II - Homeworld (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gateway II - Homeworld (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gateway II - Homeworld (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gateway II - Homeworld (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gish (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/Gish (USA)/Gish (USA).json
developer: Cryptic Sea
publisher: Chronic Logic
genre: Action;Platform;Strategy
description:
  Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see,
  Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry
  when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.
  Following Brea's calls for help, Gish suddenly finds himself in the subterranean
  sewers of Dross, a long forgotten city filled with twisting corridors, evil
  traps, and some of the most demented creatures imaginable.\n
  With his gelatinous structure as his only means of defense, Gish must follow the
  echoing cries of his damsel in distress deep within the earth below. What
  freakish creatures dwell in this subterranean land? Who is Brea's captor? And
  just how far down does the rabbit hole go?
release: 2004-05-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gish (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gish (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gish (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gish (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gish (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Glittermitten Grove & Frog Fractions 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/Glittermitten Grove & Frog Fractions 2 (USA)/Glittermitten Grove & Frog Fractions 2 (USA).json
developer: Mostly Tigerproof
publisher: Adult Swim
genre: Strategy;Real-Time;General
description:
  Ahoy, a-hey, o loddi-doddi day, fair traveller and welcome to Glittermitten
  Grove! Here you will find a land of enchantment, whimsy, and resource
  management. Sow the fields with magic seeds, pick berries from the plentiful
  boughs of our sugar fern trees, and collect sparkles from the resplendent
  rays of our sun-kissed thicket to help us prepare for the long winter ahead.
  Come join us in our faerieland, full of strange adventure!
  .
  Features:
  .
  Sow the fields with special seeds
  .
  Pick berries for your winter needs
  .
  Collect sparkles to light up the night
  .
  Light fribblesham fireworks for happy delight
  .
  Playing Frog Fractions 2:
  .
  Frog Fractions 2 has finally been found, and if you’re looking to play, there
  are a couple of different options available.
  .
  The easiest way to get to Frog Fractions 2 is by using fireworks. According
  to Glitterman Grove’s description, there are "special fribblesham fireworks"
  that can used to find buried treasure. If you take these fireworks and use
  them to dig through the ground, you’ll come across a door. This is the
  quickest way to access the game.
  .
  There is, however, another door that leads to the game located in the sky.
  The only way to access the door is by actually playing Glittermitten Grove
  which, it should be noted, is a real game entirely separate from Frog
  Fractions 2 inside it. For those wondering, Glittermitten Grove allows
  players to "sow the fields with magic seeds, pick berries from the plentiful
  boughs of our sugar fern trees, and collect sparkles from the resplendent
  rays of our sun-kissed thicket to help us prepare for the long winter ahead."
release: 2016-12-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Glittermitten Grove & Frog Fractions 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Glittermitten Grove & Frog Fractions 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Glittermitten Grove & Frog Fractions 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Glittermitten Grove & Frog Fractions 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Glittermitten Grove & Frog Fractions 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Grim Fandango (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/Grim Fandango (USA)/Grim Fandango (USA).json
developer: LucasArts
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Adventure
description:
  Grim Fandango takes place in the Land of the Dead, where recently departed souls
  make their way to the Ninth Underworld. For sinners, this is a four-year journey
  made on foot, and many do not complete it, being eaten, "sprouted," or ending up
  taking jobs at way-points along the route. However, more virtuous souls receive
  assistance, the most virtuous getting passage on the "Number Nine" train
  ("Double N") that cuts the journey down to four minutes.
release: 1998-10-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Grim Fandango (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Grim Fandango (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Grim Fandango (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Grim Fandango (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Grim Fandango (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Guacamelee - Super Turbo Championship Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/G/Guacamelee - Super Turbo Championship Edition (USA)/Guacamelee - Super Turbo Championship Edition (USA).json
developer: Drinkbox Studios
publisher: Drinkbox Studios
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Carlos Calaca has kidnapped El Presidente's Daughter, and he plans to sacrifice
  her in order to merge the World of the Living with the World of the Dead.
  .
  Juan Aguacate, an agave farmer who stumbles upon a Legendary Luchador mask, must
  find the strength and courage to become the Hero he's always dreamed of being
  and put a stop to this.
  .
  Guacamelee! is a Metroidvania-style action-platformer set in a magical world
  inspired by traditional Mexican culture and folklore. The game features melee
  combat, parallel dimensions and same-screen co-op. The original Guacamelee!
  received wide critical acclaim and was a finalist for both IndieCade and the
  Independent Games Festival's Excellence in Visual Art award.
release: 2014-08-21
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Guacamelee - Super Turbo Championship Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Guacamelee - Super Turbo Championship Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Guacamelee - Super Turbo Championship Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Guacamelee - Super Turbo Championship Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Guacamelee - Super Turbo Championship Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Halcyon 6 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/H/Halcyon 6 (USA)/Halcyon 6 (USA).json
developer: Massive Damage, Inc.
publisher: Massive Damage, Inc.
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  On the edge of Terran space lies Halcyon 6, a derelict starbase left behind by a
  mysterious precursor race. Your mission is to reclaim the derelict station and
  rebuild it.\n
  A mysterious alien force is making a beeline towards Earth and this starbase is
  the best chance for the New Terran Federation to establish new alliances,
  research new technologies and otherwise figure out a way to stop the impending
  invasion.
  .
  Using only the resources you can salvage from the derelict station and gathered
  from nearby star systems, it’s up to you to rebuild the starbase to lead the
  Terran Republic’s scientific research, exploration and diplomatic efforts on the
  edge of known space.
  .
  Halcyon 6 is a passion project who’s design is inspired by our years spent
  playing classic games like Star Control, Master of Orion, X-COM, Civilization
  and new classics like FTL.
release: 2016-09-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Halcyon 6 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Halcyon 6 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Halcyon 6 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Halcyon 6 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Halcyon 6 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hand of Fate (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/H/Hand of Fate (USA)/Hand of Fate (USA).json
developer: Defiant Development
publisher: Defiant Development
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  In Hand of Fate, players collect equipment, items, artifacts and enemies as
  in-game collectible cards in a card based RPG; then play their deck, bringing to
  video game life a beautiful 3D world in which gamers make difficult decisions.
  Sometimes their choices have unexpected consequences and players must crush
  their foes utilizing a third person action-adventure combat system. The more
  bosses a player defeats, the more cards they obtain.
release: 2015-02-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hand of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hand of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hand of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hand of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hand of Fate (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hexen - Beyond Heretic (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/H/Hexen - Beyond Heretic (USA)/Hexen - Beyond Heretic (USA).json
developer: Raven Software
publisher: id Software
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  While you were battling the evil forces of D'Sparil, the other Serpent Riders
  were busy sowing the seeds of destruction in other dimensions. One such
  dimension is the decaying world where Hexen takes place. A world littered with
  the mangled corpses of nonbelievers and inhabited by the undead followers that
  executed them. Only three humans &endash; a warrior, a mage and a cleric
  &endash; have escaped the leaders' vicious spell. Now these brave souls have
  sworn to crush the evil regime that threatens to destroy the world forever.
  Separated upon entering the mystical portal, the three are forced to attempt on
  their own what they had hoped to do together: find Korax's stronghold, destroy
  him and restore order in the physical world.
  .
  Become one of 3 heroes. Wield superhuman powers and lethal weapons.\n
  Walk. Run. Fly. Look all around. Inflict serious pain.\n
  Pillage your way through earthquakes, crumbling bridges and fog.\n
  Track down powerful artifacts and cast wicked spells.\n
  Four sick individuals can wreak havoc via network, two by modem.
release: 1997-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hexen - Beyond Heretic (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hexen - Beyond Heretic (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hexen - Beyond Heretic (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hexen - Beyond Heretic (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hexen - Beyond Heretic (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hexen II - Continent of Blackmarsh Matrox OEM Disc (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/H/Hexen II - Continent of Blackmarsh Matrox OEM Disc (USA)/Hexen II - Continent of Blackmarsh Matrox OEM Disc (USA).json
developer: Raven Software
publisher: id Software
genre: Shooter
description:
  The Four Horseman of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are
  Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They
  are the least of your worries.\n
  The last known Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives. As the Necromancer, the Assassin,
  the Crusader, or the Paladin, you must defeat the dark generals and their
  Hell-spawned legions before you can face the Archfiend and attempt to end his
  ravenous onslaught. Go in peace and you will surely die.\n
  • THE POWER OF QUAKE Experience the Quake Engine's true, polygon-based modeling
  for the most realistic, detailed environments ever seen in 3D gaming.\n
  • CHOOSE YOUR FATE Possess distinct spells, powers and 32 new weapons. With
  experience, gain levels, more hit points and certain abilities that apply to
  your specific character class, such as increased speed, firepower, and jump
  distance.\n
  • MIND-BLOWING ENVIRONMENTS Bludgeon your way through four demon-infested worlds
  - Medieval, Egyptian, Mesoamerican and Roman. Smash stained glass windows,
  collapse structural beams, and pulverize trees.\n
  • MULTIPLAYER CAPABILITIES TO DIE FOR Come face-to-face with Knight Archers,
  Fire Imps, Were-Jaguars, Skull Wizards and more. Go in with friends, or go
  against foes in a bloody Deathmatch. Up to 16 players can go at it via LAN and
  over the Internet.
release: 1997-08-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hexen II - Continent of Blackmarsh Matrox OEM Disc (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hexen II - Continent of Blackmarsh Matrox OEM Disc (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hexen II - Continent of Blackmarsh Matrox OEM Disc (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hexen II - Continent of Blackmarsh Matrox OEM Disc (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hexen II - Continent of Blackmarsh Matrox OEM Disc (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hot Tin Roof - The Cat That Wore a Fedora (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/H/Hot Tin Roof - The Cat That Wore a Fedora (USA)/Hot Tin Roof - The Cat That Wore a Fedora (USA).json
developer: Glass Bottom Games
publisher: Glass Bottom Games
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  You’re the Private Investigator on a string of grisly murders, scouring for
  clues in a 3D side-scrolling world. Grab your fedora and revolver - in Hot Tin
  Roof you’re on the case! Dive into a noir mystery and become Emma Jones, the
  only PI partnered to a cat named Franky.
  .
  · Noir as heck.\n
  · Metroidvania meets Adventure Game in a side-scrolling 3D world, with tons of
  platforming and exploration\n
  · 4 distinct plot threads, with 15 different resolutions.\n
  · Instead of acquiring abilities, you find new revolver rounds, which you load
  into your revolver yourself. Combine them in unique ways!\n
  · Scour the world for clues! Use them in conversations to unlock secrets, solve
  murders and more.\n
  · Cats. More cats than you could shake a cat at. Also, pigeons and rats. Many
  wearing tiny hats.\n
  · Spiffy chip noir jazz soundtrack.
  .
  It’s a dog eat dog world out there, but luckily? A cat has your back. Franky.
  The cat that wore a fedora.
release: 2015-02-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hot Tin Roof - The Cat That Wore a Fedora (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hot Tin Roof - The Cat That Wore a Fedora (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hot Tin Roof - The Cat That Wore a Fedora (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hot Tin Roof - The Cat That Wore a Fedora (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hot Tin Roof - The Cat That Wore a Fedora (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hoyle Puzzle Games (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/H/Hoyle Puzzle Games (USA)/Hoyle Puzzle Games (USA).json
developer: Sierra Entertainment
publisher: Sierra Entertainment
genre: Puzzle;General
description:
  Hoyle Puzzle Games is a collection of different games, including crossword
  puzzles, word searches, and rays. Each game features high-score lists and
  adjustable skill levels. Test your puzzle-solving skills in thousands of
  crossword and word searches, which you can save and print. The Facemaker Tool
  lets you create your own character from hundreds of features. Hoyle Puzzle Games
  also includes a free Hoyle Rulebook and Strategy Guide for more tips and hints
  on improving your game.
release: 2002-09-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hoyle Puzzle Games (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hoyle Puzzle Games (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hoyle Puzzle Games (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hoyle Puzzle Games (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Hue (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/H/Hue (USA)/Hue (USA).json
developer: Fiddlesticks
publisher: Curve Digital
genre: Adventure;Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Hue is a puzzle game played as a side-scrolling platformer. The player controls
  the male character Hue who needs to find back his missing mother. She developed
  a ring called Annular Spectrum which allows perception and alteration of
  impossible colours, beyond the human spectrum. She was deceived by the
  traitorous professor Dr. Grey she fell in love with and has now become
  invisible, as a shade of such as impossible colour. It is up to Hue to restore
  the ring and bring her back by collecting the many scattered coloured shards.
  .
  The game consists of a large, 2D side-scrolling world where different
  environments are linked together through doors. The game uses a silhouetted art
  style which is initially monochromatic. Soon Hue discovers his first colour,
  which is added to a ring-like circle that can be summoned at any moment, as one
  of many bright colours. Eventually eight colours can be collected: aqua, blue,
  lime, orange, pink, purple, red and yellow. These are used for the main gameplay
  mechanic as the player can switch between them on the fly, even in the middle of
  actions as time is slowed down extensively during the selection. Changing a
  colour brings it into the environment, colouring almost anything. This mechanic
  is for instance used to discover hidden doors. Obstacles, barriers and other
  elements often have a specific colour and when Hue switches colours to match it,
  it disappears into the environment as if it was never there. The simple mechanic
  quickly becomes more complex due to moving elements, the ability to push and
  pull objects, platform-based puzzles, fast sequences and so on. While Hue can
  jump and there are some general elements such as ladders or deadly spikes,
  almost every area needs to be approached as a puzzle that can be solved without
  time pressure.
  .
  With each new discovered colour puzzles become more complex. There is also a
  minor metroidvania aspect to it as any area can be revisited, but mainly to open
  up passages leading to beakers as an optional collectible. Between puzzles the
  story is often furthered through envelopes which introduce sections with
  narration. The character can die, but respawns right away with no penalty and an
  endless amount of lives. The game has support for the colourblind, using symbols
  as a colour aid. In addition Razer Chroma, Corsair RGB plus many more coloured
  LED devices supported on Windows.
release: 2016-08-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hue (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hue (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hue (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hue (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hue (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Imscared - A Pixelated Nightmare (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/I/Imscared - A Pixelated Nightmare (USA)/Imscared - A Pixelated Nightmare (USA).json
developer: Ivan Zanotti
publisher: Ivan Zanotti
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  "I need a Heart in order to open it"
  .
  Imscared is a metahorror game that protagonizes the player, putting him in a
  surreal first-person experience. Find keys, open doors and search for the exit
  to this nightmare. But I need to let you know, it will try to deceive You as
  many times as it can.
  .
  Welcome to the metahorror experience, enjoy your stay!
  .
  Please read carefully the explanation when beginning the game for the first
  time, it's really important to do so.
release: 2012-10-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Imscared - A Pixelated Nightmare (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Imscared - A Pixelated Nightmare (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Imscared - A Pixelated Nightmare (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Imscared - A Pixelated Nightmare (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Imscared - A Pixelated Nightmare (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Invisible, Inc (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/I/Invisible, Inc (USA)/Invisible, Inc (USA).json
developer: Klei Entertainment
publisher: Klei Entertainment
genre: Action;Stealth;Strategy
description:
  The year is 2074, and the evil mega corporations have taken control over the
  world. You take the place of the operator of a private espionage agency called
  Invisible, Inc, whose members are currently being hunted by the aforementioned
  mega corporations. You have 72 hours to free your incarcerated agents, retrieve
  the necessary information, valuables and equipment and finally find and
  infiltrate the enemy headquarters.
  .
  Invisible, Inc. is a turn-based stealth game. You start the campaign with two
  agents and a program called Incognita which is used for hacking the cameras,
  safes, vaults and the like. You are then presented with the map of the world,
  various missions on it and a time limit of 72 hours - once it expires, you must
  go to the final mission regardless of the current status of your team. The
  actual missions are similar to XCOM: Enemy Unknown and its successors, only with
  a much bigger emphasis on stealth. The game draws its visual inspiration from
  old sci-fi and noir movies.
release: 2014-08-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Invisible, Inc (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Invisible, Inc (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Invisible, Inc (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Invisible, Inc (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Invisible, Inc (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/J/Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds (USA)/Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds (USA).json
developer: Rage Games Ltd.
publisher: GT Interactive Software Corp.
genre: Strategy
description:
  The game based on Jeff Wayne's musical play and the classic science fiction
  novel by H.G. Wells. it is the year 1898 and the Martian have escaped from their
  dying homeworld to conquer the Earth and take its resources - and the blood of
  its inhabitants.
  .
  Take either side in this epic real-time strategy game. You can play as the
  Martians with their superior technology and powerful but expensive war machines
  in their campaign to take over Great Britain and the rest of the world. Or play
  as the weaker but more numerous Humans to turn back the alien onslaught before
  their fiendish plans can be made reality.
  .
  Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds is a real-time strategy game. There aren't
  any set missions or a linear story-line, it's all up to you. You must use your
  time wisely to build up your forces and production facilities within your
  sectors before the enemy can launch their attack. Research new technologies,
  construct new buildings, and build new military units to win the game and save
  your race. The fate of your species, whether Human or Martian, is on the line.
release: 1998-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jotun - Valhalla Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/J/Jotun - Valhalla Edition (USA)/Jotun - Valhalla Edition (USA).json
developer: Thunder Lotus Games
publisher: Thunder Lotus Games
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Jotun is a top-down action game with a focus on exploration and based on Old
  Norse Mythology. Thora is a brave viking woman who died ingloriously in a
  shipwreck. However, the Norse Gods have given her a chance at entering Valhalla
  if she is able to defeat the five Jotun who dwell in different worlds, all
  connected by the Ginnungagap.
  .
  The viking warrior has to make her way through different levels in order to
  collect runes which grant her access to the boss battles. By exploring the
  different levels, she is also able to collect blessing from different Norse Gods
  as well as glimpses into Old Norse mythology. The game uses hand drawn graphics.
  .
  The Valhalla Edition of the game is the name used for the later console version
  of the game. It adds Valhalla Mode, a boss-rush mode with harder versions of the
  jotun. For owners of the initial PC version the game mode was provided as an
  update and the game was renamed.
release: 2015-09-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jotun - Valhalla Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jotun - Valhalla Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jotun - Valhalla Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jotun - Valhalla Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Jotun - Valhalla Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kingpin - Life of Crime (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/K/Kingpin - Life of Crime (USA)/Kingpin - Life of Crime (USA).json
developer: Xatrix Entertainment
publisher: Interplay
genre: Shooter
description:
  Nearly every dirty thug and thief in the city is in some way working for the
  Kingpin or paying protection money, otherwise they have a habit of ending up
  dead. One such thug refuses to pay his protection money to one of the Kingpin's
  lieutenants. For his troubles he is left beaten and bruised in an alley.
  .
  Kingpin: Life of Crime is a first-person shooter which begins with the player
  wounded and beaten up by the Kingpin's henchmen, and the story follows his
  thirst for revenge.
  .
  Released shortly after the Columbine High School massacre, the game attracted
  controversy which led it to be dropped from various retailers, despite receiving
  moderate critical acclaim.
release: 1999-06-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kingpin - Life of Crime (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kingpin - Life of Crime (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kingpin - Life of Crime (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kingpin - Life of Crime (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kingpin - Life of Crime (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Konami Collector's Series - Castlevania and Contra (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/K/Konami Collector's Series - Castlevania and Contra (USA)/Konami Collector's Series - Castlevania and Contra (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  The Beginning of a Legend...
  .
  Return to the roots of Castlevania and Contra in one exclusive package on the
  PC. This collection of games brings the non-stop action, suspense and great
  gameplay of these fan-favorite games home for the first time in over a decade.
  .
  • 5 complete classic Konami games: Castlevania, Castlevania II: Simon's Quest,
  Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse, Contra, and Super C\n
  • Two of Konami's most popular franchises in one package\n
  • Quick-save allows saving at any time.
release: 2002-11-16
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Konami Collector's Series - Castlevania and Contra (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Konami Collector's Series - Castlevania and Contra (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Konami Collector's Series - Castlevania and Contra (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Konami Collector's Series - Castlevania and Contra (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Konami Collector's Series - Castlevania and Contra (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Creator - Harry Potter (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/L/LEGO Creator - Harry Potter (USA)/LEGO Creator - Harry Potter (USA).json
developer: Superscape Ltd.
publisher: LEGO Media International, Inc.
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  LEGO Creator: Harry Potter takes the LEGO Creator concept to the Harry Potter
  franchise. It is the third game based on the LEGO Creator concept and it is
  related to the movie Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. This game gives
  the player a whole Hogwarts to explore and build in using LEGO bricks. From
  furniture to students, almost anything can be build anywhere, either to solve
  puzzles and to unlock new areas, or to properly guide Hogwarts students. In
  addition, the player may lay the tracks for the Hogwarts Express to ride on.
release: 2002-02-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Creator - Harry Potter (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Creator - Harry Potter (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Creator - Harry Potter (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Creator - Harry Potter (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Creator - Harry Potter (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Land of the Dead - Road to Fiddler's Green (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/L/Land of the Dead - Road to Fiddler's Green (USA)/Land of the Dead - Road to Fiddler's Green (USA).json
developer: Brainbox Games
publisher: Groove Publishing
genre: Shooter
description:
  A first-person shooter based on George A. Romero's zombie horror movie Land of
  the Dead.\n
  Developed by Brainbox Games, the game is a prequel to the events of the film,
  taking place during the initial outbreak.\n
  Players take on the role of a farmer named Jack, who finds his farm besieged by
  the undead. Jack later learns about the existence of a safe-haven located within
  the city, and makes it his priority to reach it.\n
  Road to Fiddler's Green was chosen by Gamespot as the worst game of 2005.
release: 2005-10-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Land of the Dead - Road to Fiddler's Green (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Land of the Dead - Road to Fiddler's Green (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Land of the Dead - Road to Fiddler's Green (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Land of the Dead - Road to Fiddler's Green (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Land of the Dead - Road to Fiddler's Green (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legend of Zelda, The - The Faces of Evil - Remastered (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/L/Legend of Zelda, The - The Faces of Evil - Remastered (USA)/Legend of Zelda, The - The Faces of Evil - Remastered (USA).json
developer: Dopply
publisher: Dopply
genre: Action Adventure
description:
  Ganon and his minions have seized the peaceful island of Koridai and
  imprisoned Zelda. It is written, "Only Link can defeat Ganon." To do so,
  he must conquer the hideous Faces of Evil...Each more diabolic than the
  one before. Against all odds, Zelda must be freed and Koridai returned
  to harmony. This fast-paced action adventure game features 70 playfields.
  From the friendliest to the meanest, 90 astonishing characters will talk
  to you in full animation. Encounter the spear-throwing Moblins,
  rock-spitting Octoroks and much more.
  .
  * Stunning Visuals and Full-Motion Animation
  * CD-Quality Audio and Sound Effects
  * Original Music
  * Thumbstick Recommended
release: 2020-11-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - The Faces of Evil - Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - The Faces of Evil - Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - The Faces of Evil - Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - The Faces of Evil - Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - The Faces of Evil - Remastered (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legend of Zelda, The - The Wand of Gamelon - Remastered (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/L/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wand of Gamelon - Remastered (USA)/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wand of Gamelon - Remastered (USA).json
developer: Dopply
publisher: Dopply
genre: Action Adventure
description:
  When King Harkinian vanishes on a mission to save Gamelon, Link takes
  off to rescue him. But soon Link is also missing, and Zelda must free
  them both from their evil captors. This action adventure arcade-style
  game features 70 playfields, including palaces, forests, swamps, and a
  mysterious fairy pool. An awesome array of 90 amazing character will
  talk to you in full animation. Confront sword-wielding Stalfos, floating
  Ghini, dreaded Dodongos, pinching Gohma, and much more. You'll have a
  blast smashing your enemies into utter disgrace!
release: 2020-11-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wand of Gamelon - Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wand of Gamelon - Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wand of Gamelon - Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wand of Gamelon - Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - The Wand of Gamelon - Remastered (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Lightweight Ninja (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/L/Lightweight Ninja (USA)/Lightweight Ninja (USA).json
developer: Stardock
publisher: Stardock
genre: Action;Platformer;2D
description:
  It's the perfect situation. You beat up the bad guys, rescue the princess,
  save the world and get praised forever... right?
  .
  What if you don't know who the bad guys are? What if the line between friend
  and enemy has been erased, and a rising tension is about to explode into a
  war with you in the middle?
  .
  The first step in becoming a hero is distinguishing friend from foe...
  It's a task that's easier said than done...
release: 2001-08-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lightweight Ninja (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lightweight Ninja (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lightweight Ninja (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lightweight Ninja (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lightweight Ninja (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Lovely Planet (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/L/Lovely Planet (USA)/Lovely Planet (USA).json
developer: QUICKTEQUILA
publisher: tinyBuild
genre: Action;Platform;Shooter
description:
  Lovely Planet is a first person platform shooter in a colorful world. Your goal:
  Reach the exit of the level by jumping through the world, shooting enemies and
  apples.
  .
  The game is split up intro 5 worlds, with each of them introducing some new
  gameplay element. The basic principle is always the same though: Whenever
  something happens that shouldn't have happened the level is reset. Reasons for
  the reset are (amongst others) when you touch or are being hit by an enemy, when
  you fall off the platforms or when one of those mentioned apples hits the
  ground. You are equipped with a simple gun with unlimited ammunition that can be
  used to shoot enemies and objects. The levels also contain several time critical
  situations, as entering certain areas will trigger events: for example catapults
  in the distance will throw the apples into the air or small knobs will generate
  a sphere that has to be left quickly.
  .
  In practice this feels a bit like trickjumping in games like the Quake series:
  You will have to run and jump through the level to reach that falling apple in
  time while at the same time shooting mandatory enemies and blocking obstacles.
  .
  Be warned however: The game's graphics and presentation are very cute and family
  friendly, but the gameplay is designed to be very challenging.
release: 2014-07-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lovely Planet (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lovely Planet (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lovely Planet (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lovely Planet (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lovely Planet (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/L/Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime (USA)/Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime (USA).json
developer: Asteroid Base
publisher: Asteroid Base
genre: Action
description:
  LOVERS IN A DANGEROUS SPACETIME is a frantic 1- or 2-player couch co-op action
  space shooter. Explore a colorful galaxy in a massive neon battleship that you
  control together by manning turrets, lasers, shields and thrusters. Only through
  teamwork can you triumph over the evil forces of Anti-Love, rescue kidnapped
  space-bunnies, and avoid a vacuumy demise. Deep space is a dangerous place, but
  you don’t have to face it alone!
  .
  CO-OP GAMEPLAY\n
  2 players (or 1 player plus a loyal AI space-pet) need to work together to man
  the different battle stations, dashing back and forth between weapons, shields
  and engines. Both players fill important roles at all times, and nobody gets
  left behind.
  .
  UPGRADEABLE SHIPS\n
  Find and combine powerful space-gems to customize your ship's load-out. Each gem
  provides different abilities, letting you learn the right tools for every
  situation.
  .
  A NEW EXPERIENCE EVERY TIME\n
  Randomized level layouts mean that both players will be exploring fresh areas
  every time you play.
  .
  SIMPLE CONTROLS, DEEP CHALLENGE\n
  Controlling your spacenaut is so simple that anyone can jump in quickly, but
  getting both players to work together like a well-oiled machine, battling a
  galaxy of evil robots and constellations — that’s the tricky part.
release: 2015-09-09
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Mahjong Mania (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Mahjong Mania (USA)/Mahjong Mania (USA).json
developer: Rocket Games
publisher: WizardWorks
genre: Miscellaneous;Board / Card Game
description:
  Mahjong Mania is mahjong at its absolute finest! Play any or all of the
  fantabulous 100+ boards, download new boards online, or create your own boards.
  This full-featured mahjong game will keep you glued to your computer and it's
  sure to delight fans of mahjong and newbies alike. The light-hearted spin on the
  classic mahjong formula makes this game a must-download for anyone who's ever
  wondered about mahjong!
release: 2000
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mahjong Mania (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mahjong Mania (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mahjong Mania (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mahjong Mania (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Majesty 2 - The Fantasy Kingdom Sim (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Majesty 2 - The Fantasy Kingdom Sim (USA)/Majesty 2 - The Fantasy Kingdom Sim (USA).json
developer: 1C:Ino-Co
publisher: Paradox Interactive
genre: Strategy;General
description:
  Recruit the finest group of Heroes to rise up and take on the treacherous
  Villains of Majesty 2: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim. In the highly-anticipated sequel
  to the original Majesty, humor and charm merges with a fantasy landscape to
  offer a gameplay experience like never before. But beware! Grabbing control of
  your Heroes is not the easiest task, for they are just as likely to stop in for
  a beer at the local tavern as they are to fight monsters and undertake heroic
  quests. Return to the throne in Majesty 2: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim.
release: 2009-09-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Majesty 2 - The Fantasy Kingdom Sim (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Majesty 2 - The Fantasy Kingdom Sim (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Majesty 2 - The Fantasy Kingdom Sim (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Majesty 2 - The Fantasy Kingdom Sim (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Majesty 2 - The Fantasy Kingdom Sim (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Majesty Gold (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Majesty Gold (USA)/Majesty Gold (USA).json
developer: Cyberlore
publisher: Paradox Interactive
genre: Strategy
description:
  The award-winning, genre-creating "indirect RTS" game Majesty is now available
  bundled with its expansion pack Majesty: The Northern Expansion.
  .
  Ever wonder what it would be like to sit on the throne of a growing fantasy
  kingdom? To enlist the aid of wizards, elves, barbarians, and other fantastic
  heroes in tackling epic fantasy's classic challenges? If you feel the lure of
  the crown, Majesty is for you.
  .
  Majesty is a unique sim putting you in the crushed-velvet hot seat of your own
  kingdom. With an epic quest before you, you make the decisions of where to build
  your settlement's guilds and temples. From these you recruit a varied cast of
  larger-than-life heroes. Each one has a mind of his own and must be enticed to
  meet your goals, via rewards you offer and spells you cast. Meanwhile you must
  make sure that your treasury stays flush with cash to support these and other
  outlays necessary to maintain a thriving medieval town. The fact that you are
  being barraged by attacks from mythical beasts and fantastic creatures doesn't
  make your job any easier. Poor choices will leave your kingdom in ruin, but a
  wise ruler will complete quests, fill the coffers, and create a kingdom that
  will be remembered in song and story.
  .
  The Northern Expansion (inlcuded in this Gold edition) is the expansion set for
  Majesty: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim. It will provide you with all new challenges
  for you and your heroes. There is more of everything that made Majesty great:
  new quests, buildings, monsters, lairs, spells, and art. The way is clear: the
  northern expanses await your rule.
release: 2000-02-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Majesty Gold (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Majesty Gold (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Majesty Gold (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Majesty Gold (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Majesty Gold (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Marathon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Marathon (USA)/Marathon (USA).json
developer: Bungie
publisher: Bungie
genre: Action
description:
  You are far in the future on a colony ship deep in outer space. A
  security officer on the mission, you are the last hope for defending
  the ship as hostile and intelligent aliens prepare to destroy every
  living thing...
release: 1994-12-21
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Marathon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Marathon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Marathon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Marathon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Marathon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Marathon 2 - Durandal (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Marathon 2 - Durandal (USA)/Marathon 2 - Durandal (USA).json
developer: Bungie
publisher: Bungie
genre: Action
description:
  Fresh from your triumph on the starship Marathon, you are seized by the rogue
  computer Durandal to do his bidding in a distant part of the galaxy. Within
  the ruins of an ancient civilization, you must seek the remnants of a lost
  clan and uncover their long-buried secrets. Battle opponents ancient and
  terrible, with sophisticated weapons and devious strategies, all the while
  struggling to escape the alien nightmare...
release: 1995-11-24
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Marathon 2 - Durandal (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Marathon 2 - Durandal (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Marathon 2 - Durandal (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Marathon 2 - Durandal (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Marathon Infinity (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Marathon Infinity (USA)/Marathon Infinity (USA).json
developer: Bungie
publisher: Bungie
genre: Action
description:
  Marathon Infinity takes the closed universe of the Marathon series and blows
  it wide open. The solo/co-op campaign, "Blood Tides of Lh'owon," is a 20-level
  scenario sporting new textures, weapons, and aliens. More than that, the
  scenario sheds a surprising new light on the story’s characters and the meaning
  of events. Having defeated the Pfhor and reawakened the ancient remnants of the
  S'pht, the player now faces a world where friends become enemies and all is not
  what it seems...
release: 1996-10-15
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Marathon Infinity (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Marathon Infinity (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Marathon Infinity (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Marathon Infinity (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Version 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Version 3 (USA)/Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Version 3 (USA).json
developer: Software Toolworks
publisher: Software Toolworks
genre: Miscellaneous;Edutainment
description:
  Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing is an application software program designed to
  teach touch typing.
  .
  Features:
  .
  Personalized practice lessons
  .
  Simple, conversational explanations
  .
  Stunning, fully detailed graphics
  .
  IBM PC-AT compatible with a minimum of a 286/16 MHz or higher required. 2MB
  free space, MS-DOS 5.0 or higher or higher required, 560 RAM required (1MB
  recommended), VGA Graphics, Sound Cards Supported: SoundBlaster, AdLib,
  .
  ProAudio Spectrum.
  .
  Ergonomics Section
release: 1994
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Version 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Version 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Version 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Version 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing! Version 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man 2.5D (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Mega Man 2.5D (USA)/Mega Man 2.5D (USA).json
developer: Peter Sjöstrand and Edgar Cebolledo
publisher: Peter Sjöstrand and Edgar Cebolledo
genre: Platformer
description:
  Mega Man 2.5D is a fangame developed by a small team of obsessive Mega
  Man fans. It began in 2009 as an animated proof-of-concept. This got a
  surprising amount of positive response, and because of this a couple of
  us got together with the goal of making a playable game out of it.
  .
  The game was completed in february 2017, but is still ongoing. We expect
  to release further updates with more bug fixes, tweaks, as well as
  additional content like extra stages, more playable characters, and
  other cool stuff.
  .
  There are mainly two things that set Mega Man 2.5D apart from most other
  Mega Man games. The first is the co-op mode, where two players team up
  to take on Dr. Wily. The other is the use of camera perspective changes
  which is featured a lot in the single-player mode of the game.
release: 2017-01-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man 2.5D (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man 2.5D (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man 2.5D (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man 2.5D (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man 2.5D (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man Eternal (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Mega Man Eternal (USA)/Mega Man Eternal (USA).json
developer: Daniel Page
publisher: Daniel Page
genre: Platformer
description:
  Mega Man Eternal is a fan game made by Daniel Page (Known on YouTube as
  Entertainmentwf), which began development in 2008. The game was released
  on December 17, 2014 in celebration of the 27th anniversary of the Mega
  Man franchise. The game is available to download on its website and was
  followed by Mega Man Eternal II.
release: 2014-12-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man Eternal (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man Eternal (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man Eternal (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man Eternal (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man Eternal (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man Maker (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Mega Man Maker (USA)/Mega Man Maker (USA).json
developer: Mega Man Maker Team
publisher: Mega Man Maker Team
genre: Platformer
description:
  Mega Man Maker, formerly known as Mega Maker, is a Mega Man fan game that
  allows players to create and share their own stages online. It was released
  on July 15, 2017 with content from the first six Mega Man games with three
  new Special Weapons and has been expanded upon to include more content
  overall as well as the option to play as Proto Man or Bass in addition to
  Mega Man, and assets from Mega Man 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11.
release: 2017-07-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man Maker (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man Maker (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man Maker (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man Maker (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man Maker (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man X (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Mega Man X (USA)/Mega Man X (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  The latest chapter in the classic action shooting game, "Mega Man X"!\n
  Play as the legendary Irregular hunters X and Zero,\n
  and take on the internet world known as the "Deep Log."
  .
  ◾Has the same computer world from previous versions of Mega Man X -- "Deep
  Log".\n
  An unexplainable error occurred in the Deep Log one day, causing the game data
  of "Mega Man X" to malfunction. Use legendary heroes such as "X" and "Zero" to
  take on the Irregular data!
  .
  ◾A literal and uncompromised presentation of authentic Mega Man actions\n
  Dashes, jumps, buster, and saber! The game retains the authentic actions of
  "Mega Man X" and has added automatic aiming and 360-degree shooting. The unique
  optimization of this game makes movements even smoother!\n
  The size and positioning of the buttons can also be customized to make it even
  closer to the original "Mega Man X"!
  .
  ◾The Characters of "Mega Man X" will be introduced one after the other\n
  The images and 3D models in this game have been recreated using the latest
  specifications.\n
  The characters of your memories will be introduced with brand new appearances!
  .
  ◾Equip a wide variety of Weapons and boss Chips\n
  In addition to the necessary busters and saber, there will be a large number of
  weapons added to the game.\n
  Try the beam sickle of Grim Reaper Sigma and enjoy the thrill of tearing through
  enemies!\n
  In addition, collect corresponding chips by defeating bosses. Make boss skills
  part of your own arsenal,\n
  and swiftly defeat all of the enemies.
  .
  ◾Experience the thrill of Co-op/Versus Modes\n
  This is the first time that the co-op system is implemented in the "Mega Man X"
  series!\n
  Enjoy completing difficult levels with your friends.\n
  In Versus Mode, you can use the characters you've cultivated\n
  and show off various skills to defeat your opponents.
release: 2021-09-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man X (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man X (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man X (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man X (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man X3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Mega Man X3 (USA)/Mega Man X3 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platformer;2D
description:
  Mega Man X3 explodes onto your PC with vibrant graphics, seamless animation,
  insane X-hunter bosses and loads of classic Mega Man blasting action. Battle
  through level after level of Reploid robot armies, picking up valuable power-ups
  and weapons along the way. It's all in a day's work for Mega Man X.
release: 1995-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man X3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man X3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man X3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man X3 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Messenger, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Messenger, The (USA)/Messenger, The (USA).json
developer: Index Multimedia
publisher: DreamCatcher Interactive
genre: Adventure;General
description:
  The most terrifying conspiracy has travelled through the centuries and you have
  been chosen to go back in time to prevent disaster! You are a Secret Service
  Agent and you have been sent against your will into the very depths of the
  ancient Louvre castle. Your mission is to wage battle against a mysterious
  Tempilar brotherhood, thirsty for chaos. You may never return to the 21st
  century... You are plunged into a 3D world that is astoundingly realistic and
  filled with historical characters. You will discover a castle that has never
  been seen before, accurately reconstructed with the help of the Louvre Museum.
  .
  What you need in this mentally stimulating adventure are action and reflection.
  You must uncover the clues and cleverly question the game's characters.
release: 2001-02-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Messenger, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Messenger, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Messenger, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Messenger, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Messenger, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Moon Hunters (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Moon Hunters (USA)/Moon Hunters (USA).json
developer: Kitfox Games
publisher: Kitfox Games
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Create your own legend in a 1 to 4 player co-operative personality test! Explore
  a mystical Mesopotamian-inspired world that's different every time you play.
  .
  When the moon does not rise over Issaria, monsters to infest the land and cause
  chaos. You must set out alone or with the other chosen children of the Moon to
  solve the mystery and restore balance. You have only 5 days before King Mardokh
  and the Sun Cultists declare war. Multiple playthroughs uncover characters,
  conflicts, and decisions. Each of the five tribes responds differently to the
  crisis and looks for different qualities in their heroes.
  .
  Every action and choice you make contributes to your legend as a constellation
  in the night sky. Future generations will build upon the mythology you create.
  How will you be remembered?
release: 2016-03-10
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Moon Hunters (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Moon Hunters (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Moon Hunters (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Moon Hunters (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Moon Hunters (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: MouseCraft (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/MouseCraft (USA)/MouseCraft (USA).json
developer: Crunching Koalas
publisher: Crunching Koalas
genre: Puzzle
description:
  MouseCraft is a Lemmings-like puzzle game where you have to get at least one of
  three mice from the start to the target platform. The mice themselves will just
  move into one direction until they reach an obstacle, however they are able to
  climb over edges which are one block high. To modify the level you have a
  limited set of blocks resembling the well known Tetris blocks which can be
  placed before releasing the mice or during gameplay. The game may also be paused
  to place additional blocks or think about the next move.
  .
  The game's experiments are conducted by Dr. Schrödinger, a cat scientist. To
  finance his experiments (i.e. reaching the later levels) the mice will have to
  collect crystals (called Anima Shards) spread around the levels. When
  progressing you will get additional block types like Jelly Bricks (making it
  possible for your mice to fall more than 3 blocks without dying) or crumbling
  bricks (which will dissolve after 2 mice walked over them). Once set most blocks
  cannot be moved any more, but may be erased by collecting bombs in the level.
  Blocks will fall down if they aren't held any more, which can also be used to
  block or kill robotic enemy mice called 'Ratoids'.
  .
  The game features 80 levels in four different laboratories as well as a level
  editor to create own levels.
release: 2014-07-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/MouseCraft (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/MouseCraft (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/MouseCraft (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/MouseCraft (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/MouseCraft (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Multiwinia (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Multiwinia (USA)/Multiwinia (USA).json
developer: Introversion Software
publisher: Introversion Software
genre: Action;Strategy
description:
  Long ago a computer scientist called Dr Sepulveda created a beautiful digital
  world existing entirely within a computer network of his own invention. This
  world was called Darwinia and it was inhabited by a peaceful, law-abiding
  digital life-form called the Darwinians. As the years wore on however the
  Darwinians became ever more aggressive and autonomous. They divided into
  factions, squabbling over Darwinia’s limited natural resources. Tribes began to
  roam the fractal voids hell bent on each other’s destruction, drunk on power and
  unswerving in the pursuit of world supremacy. Far and wide, they became known as
  the Multiwinians. Welcome to Multiwinia: Survival of the Flattest - the ultimate
  retro-arcade multiplayer experience. Choose from a selection of six hilariously
  fun, action-packed game modes, set in one of the most beautiful game environs
  you will ever set eyes on. Challenge your opponent to a game of stick-man
  slaughter, and watch digital-war unfold, as your Multiwinian army struggles to
  complete a chosen task faster and better than your rival’s. It's fast, it’s
  furious, and only the flattest will survive.
release: 2008-09-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Multiwinia (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Multiwinia (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Multiwinia (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Multiwinia (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Multiwinia (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Murder Mystery Collection - Still Life Trilogy & Loch Ness (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Murder Mystery Collection - Still Life Trilogy & Loch Ness (USA)/Murder Mystery Collection - Still Life Trilogy & Loch Ness (USA).json
developer: Microids
publisher: The Adventure Company
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  Still Life - Victoria is a brilliant young FBI agent who's investigating a
  serial murder case; the body count is now at five and with the lack of real
  leads she is beginning to lose hope; deciding to take a break in her family's
  home she finds one of her grandfather's old case files and begins to read;
  oddly enough, Victoria's present case resembles the one from the past,
  right down to the killer's MO
  .
  Still Life 2 - FBI Agent, Victoria is sent to Maine where a girl's body has
  just been found; the modus operandi leaves no doubt - the East Coast
  Torturer has struck again; journalist, Paloma Hernandez has been kidnapped
  by the killer and now it's up to you to alternate between investigation and
  survival as two characters are bound by the same fate
  .
  Loch Ness - Lost in the Scottish countryside, perched above Loch Ness, the
  manor of Devils Ridge is disturbed by seemingly supernatural occurrences;
  at the request of the manor's owner, detective Alan W. Cameron leaves his
  office of Chicago to plunge into the ground of his ancestors; but, on his
  arrival, the owner has disappeared
  .
  Post Mortem - A stunning investigation in Paris of 1920's. After retiring
  to the quiet streets of Paris to pursue a life of painting, Gus Macpherson
  could not escape his true art; the former New York detective finds himself
  walking the beat once again, when hired by a sensuous woman to investigate
  the gruesome beheadings of her sister and brother-in-law.
release: 2011-04-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Murder Mystery Collection - Still Life Trilogy & Loch Ness (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Murder Mystery Collection - Still Life Trilogy & Loch Ness (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Murder Mystery Collection - Still Life Trilogy & Loch Ness (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Murder Mystery Collection - Still Life Trilogy & Loch Ness (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Murder Mystery Collection - Still Life Trilogy & Loch Ness (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Myst - Masterpiece Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Myst - Masterpiece Edition (USA)/Myst - Masterpiece Edition (USA).json
developer: Cyan Worlds
publisher: Red Orb Entertainment
genre: Adventure
description:
  Enter a world where nothing is as it seems... and adventure knows no bounds!\n
  Journey to an island world eerily tinged with mystery... where every rock, every
  scrap of paper, every fleeting sound holds a clue to an ancient mystery. Enter,
  if you dare, a starkly beautiful landscape shrouded in intrigue and injustice.
  Only your wits and imagination hold the power to unlock the shocking betrayal of
  ages past!\n
  Lose yourself in fantastic virtual exploration, now more compelling than ever in
  the stunning Myst® Masterpiece Edition. Breathtaking graphical realism blurs the
  line between fantasy and reality, challenging your wits, instincts, and powers
  of observation like never before. The fantasy beckons... can you resist its
  call?
release: 2000-05-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Myst - Masterpiece Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Myst - Masterpiece Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Myst - Masterpiece Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Myst - Masterpiece Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Myst - Masterpiece Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Myst III - Exile (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Myst III - Exile (USA)/Myst III - Exile (USA).json
developer: Presto Studios
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Adventure
description:
  In Myst III: Exile, you must track a new villain through several surrealistic
  Ages. Only by exploring the landscape and solving puzzles will you uncover the
  truth behind this new adversary. This chapter in the Myst series lets you pan
  360 degrees within the environments, giving you more freedom than ever before.
  Console versions of Myst III: Exile also include improved visuals, ambient
  sound, and a behind-the-scenes look at the making of Myst.
release: 2001-05-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Myst III - Exile (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Myst III - Exile (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Myst III - Exile (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Myst III - Exile (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Myst III - Exile (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Myth The Total Codex (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/M/Myth The Total Codex (USA)/Myth The Total Codex (USA).json
developer: Bungie
publisher: Bungie
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  This is the complete collection of one of the most critically-acclaimed game
  series ever created. For the first time, a realtime strategy game actually looks
  and feels like a real battlefield. Forget about games with static overhead
  views. In the fully-3D world of Myth you can rotate around your troops, watch
  archers' arrows arc to their targets and seize the high ground for tactical
  advantage.
  .
  Myth: The Total Codex includes both Myth and Myth II, the new "Chimera" scenario
  pack, the official strategy guides for both Myth and Myth II, and dozens Myth II
  multiplayer maps created by Bungie fans.
release: 1999-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Myth The Total Codex (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Myth The Total Codex (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Myth The Total Codex (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Myth The Total Codex (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Myth The Total Codex (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Necronomicon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/N/Necronomicon (USA)/Necronomicon (USA).json
developer: Wanadoo FTG
publisher: Dream Catcher Interactive
genre: Adventure
description:
  The game is set in 1927, where the ordinary life of William H. Stanton is
  affected by matters of the occult and darker truths about our world.
  .
  The game starts off in William Stanton's home in Providence, Rhode Island, where
  he is startled by a knock at his door. As William opens the door he discovers
  that it is his close friend Edgar acting in a suspicious manner. He gives
  William a metallic pyramid and tells him not to give it to anyone, including
  him, especially if he asks for it. After going back inside there is a knock at
  the door again. This time it's Dr. Egleton, a friend of Edgar's father. He asks
  William to visit Edgar at his home soon so he can help decide whether or not
  Edgar should be committed for insanity.
  .
  The game then picks up and the player has to solve a series of puzzles and
  question shady people to find out what is going on, and uncover the truth about
  the horrible fate that has befallen Edgar.
release: 2001-05-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Necronomicon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Necronomicon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Necronomicon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Necronomicon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Necronomicon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Nefarious (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/N/Nefarious (USA)/Nefarious (USA).json
developer: Starblade Games L.L.C
publisher: Starblade Games L.L.C
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Play as the villain in Nefarious! An action platformer where you globe hop
  between several kingdoms kidnapping princesses who alter gameplay in unique
  ways. Then thwart various heroes in reverse boss fights, recreated iconic
  battles where you control the boss.
  .
  Unleash a little anarchy! Tired of playing the hero? Experience the adventure
  from the other side of the coin with Nefarious! Play as the villain for a change
  and wreak chaos as you kidnap princesses from five different kingdoms who alter
  game play in unique ways. Stomp on heroes through several iconic battles
  recreated with you as the boss!
  .
  Nefarious is a 2d-animated action platformer, where your objective on each stage
  is to kidnap a princess and then escape with them! Heroes will attempt to thwart
  you, and many things may not go quite as expected.
  .
  Key Features:\n
  - Lovingly crafted 2d animation and illustrated backdrops.\n
  - Reverse boss fights let you fight the hero.\n
  - Globe hop between five different kingdoms and even more distinct locations.\n
  - Unlock several ammo types for your grenade launcher\n
  - Mix and match customization options for 10+ variations on your explosive
  punches.\n
  - Mystery and Intrigue, that if uncovered, unlocks a secret ending!\n
  - Engage in a comedic story exploring and deconstructing the video game trope of
  princess kidnapping.
release: 2017-01-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nefarious (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nefarious (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nefarious (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nefarious (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nefarious (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Next Penelope, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/N/Next Penelope, The (USA)/Next Penelope, The (USA).json
developer: Aurelien Regard
publisher: Plug In Digital
genre: Action;Racing
description:
  Set in a futuristic Odyssey, "The Next Penelope" is a fast paced action racing
  game with loud colors, an original story and a challenging risk-reward system.
  .
  If you've played a MicroMachines game, you'll feel right at home with the
  controls! (An alternative control scheme is available for newcomers as well.)
  .
  Weapons can be mixed and used at any time, but all these abilities cost vital
  energy, so the player is very powerful and close to death at the same time!
  .
  As Penelope is looking for Ulysses through the galaxy, the player is free to
  explore the planets in any order. Each world features unique situations, races,
  even bosses, and new permanent abilities to enhance Penelope's spaceship.
  .
  First released as an early access, The Next Penelope has known 6 months of
  additional development with the help of the community, and has now new features
  such as local multiplayer (up to 4 friends on the same keyboard!), more solo
  content, new languages and options ...
release: 2015-05-29
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Next Penelope, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Next Penelope, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Next Penelope, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Next Penelope, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Next Penelope, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Nocturne (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/N/Nocturne (USA)/Nocturne (USA).json
developer: Terminal Reality
publisher: Gathering Developers
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  USA, 1933. An ungodly evil inhabits the shadows. Werewolves, vampires, ghouls
  and flesh-eating zombies lurk in every darkened corner and under every unlit
  stairwell, their bloodlust sated only when preying on the innocent. As an agent
  of The Spookhouse, a secret government agency that investigates the forces of
  darkness and evil, you have one purpose. To seek out and destroy these
  creatures. And you hunt, as your vile quarry does, at night ...\n
  • Hunt and destroy over forty types of foul creature in a wide variety of
  environments ranging from eerie, mountaing top castles to dank, subterranean
  temples.\n
  • Explore the lairs of the damned through intelligent, cinematic cameras and
  first-person night-vision goggles.\n
  • Brave four individual tales of horrific adventure, each with its own unique
  characterization and plot.\n
  • Experience horror as you have never imagined it by creeping through the most
  realistic shadows, rolling fog and dramatic lighting ever created.
release: 1999-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nocturne (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nocturne (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nocturne (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nocturne (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Nox (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/N/Nox (USA)/Nox (USA).json
developer: Westwood Studios
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  NoX is an action role-playing game developed by Westwood Studios and published
  by Electronic Arts in 2000 for Microsoft Windows. It details the story of Jack,
  a young man from Earth who is pulled into a high fantasy parallel universe and
  has to defeat the evil sorceress Hecubah and her army of Necromancers to return
  home. Depending on the player's choice of character class at the beginning of
  the game (warrior, conjurer, or wizard), the game follows three largely
  different linear storylines, each leading to its unique ending. In the
  multiplayer, players can compete against each other in various game modes such
  as arena and capture the flag, or cooperate against computer-controlled monsters
  in the "Quest" mode introduced with the last patch. The game was generally
  well-received by the critics and media.
release: 2000-01-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nox (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nox (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nox (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nox (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nox (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows Only)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/N/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows Only)/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows Only).json
developer: Vlambeer
publisher: Vlambeer
genre: Action;Shooter;Shoot-'Em-Up;Top-Down
description:
  Nuclear Throne is an action roguelike game set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland
  filled with mutants. The game was initially started as Wasteland Kings, a
  prototype created for the 2013 Mojam game jam. The developers then started work
  on a full version and took it to Steam's Early Access. Typical for the genre the
  game is meant to be played in multiple runs, with randomized environments, and
  weapon and monster placement for each session. It consists of several levels
  played in succession, each with a different theme, until the character gets a
  shot to claim the nuclear throne and become the new king. Many levels contain
  bosses with a brief introduction.
  .
  There is permadeath and up to twelve different playable characters can be
  unlocked, representing different playing styles. Next to the basic attack each
  character has a unique secondary action such as a roll or forming a shield,
  along with a general perk. The game is played as a twin-stick shooter where both
  movement and firing in any direction can be independently combined. Levels are
  short and always consist of a single, scrolling room. When all enemies are
  defeated a vortex appears that sucks the character into the next level. Levels
  contain random chests with weapons such as a revolver, machinegun, smart gun,
  minigun, shotgun, rifles, an incinerator, sluggers, bows, grenade launchers and
  bazookas, but also melee weapons such as a wrench or a screwdriver. Ranged
  weapons usually have a limited amount of ammo and require ammo pick-ups to keep
  using them. Up to two weapons can be carried and they can be swapped when a new
  one is encountered.
  .
  Enemies leave behind radioactive fragments known as rads. These can also be
  found as pick-ups. They fill a meter in the top left corner and when a
  sufficient amount has been collected the character levels up and a mutation is
  offered after completing a level. Mutations are perks permanent for that run and
  include a larger bullet capacity, less damage, more health, better range, better
  movement speed, slower enemy bullets, increased drops etc. The game supports
  cooperative offline games for up to two players. Next to the main game there are
  daily and weekly runs.
release: 2015-12-05
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows Only).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows Only).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows Only).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows Only).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows Only).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows, Mac, Linux)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/N/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows, Mac, Linux)/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows, Mac, Linux).json
developer: Vlambeer
publisher: Vlambeer
genre: Action;Shooter;Shoot-'Em-Up;Top-Down
description:
  The idea behind Vlambeer's Nuclear Throne is simple: it's a post-apocalyptic
  roguelike-like top-down shooter. Not 'the final hope of humanity' post-
  apocalyptic, but 'humanity is extinct and weird mutants and terrifying monsters
  now roam the world' post-apocalyptic.
  .
  All you need to do is take control of one of those mutants and shoot the things
  trying to kill you. Use simple weaponry like quintuple-barreled bazookas, super
  plasma cannons or exquisite cursed laser miniguns. Or the game might just hand
  you a screwdriver. Deal with it.
  .
  Mutate some new limbs and abilities as you go, and become the ultimate Throne
  hunter. Find secret vaults with game-changing crowns, discover rare overpowered
  weaponry, or compete in the worldwide Daily and Weekly challenges. All these
  things and more you could do if only you were good at this game. Can you reach
  the Nuclear Throne?
release: 2013-10-11
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows, Mac, Linux).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows, Mac, Linux).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows, Mac, Linux).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows, Mac, Linux).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nuclear Throne (USA) (Windows, Mac, Linux).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Owlboy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/O/Owlboy (USA)/Owlboy (USA).json
developer: D-Pad Studio
publisher: D-Pad Studio
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Owlboy is described a 'hi-bit' game, a title with 16-bit-style visuals where you
  can fly and explore a world in the clouds. Owlboy needs to pick up friends and
  bring them along as he explores the open skies. He also needs to overcome
  obstacles and greater enemies.
  .
  The adventure starts in the village of Vellie, a close knit community carving
  out a living on the floating islands. Otus and his best friend Geddy are tasked
  with patrolling for sky pirates but they charge off to catch a bizarre laughing
  troublemaker. The duo stumble across a forgotten cave full of ancient owl
  mysteries. After the trail goes cold and the two head home, the village is
  swarmed with sky pirates. People are shaken up but it looks as if the pirates
  were preoccupied with something else and the capital city of Advent. Asio (the
  mentor of Otus) tasks the two to make haste and attempt a plan to stop the
  pirates.
  .
  You play as Otus, a mute owl who is thrust into the role of protecting his
  friends and family from pirates. He is unable to fight for himself so he relies
  on his friends ready to fight for him. Using an ancient and mysterious owl
  relic, gunners can teleport into the player's hands at an instance. Using the
  controller, the game plays similar to a twin-stick shooter. Otherwise control
  Otus with the keyboard and aim with the mouse.
  .
  Gameplay is reminiscent of classic franchises like Metroid, Zelda, Wonderboy,
  Kid Icarus, and Kirby. The game is both a love letter to classic games while
  being something new and modern due to the open exploration.
release: 2016-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Owlboy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Owlboy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Owlboy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Owlboy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Owlboy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: P.T. - Playable Teaser (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/P/P.T. - Playable Teaser (USA)/P.T. - Playable Teaser (USA).json
developer: RadiusGordello
publisher: RadiusGordello
genre: Horror
description:
  A recreation of the PlayStation 4 game P.T. created with the Unreal Engine.
  .
  PT is a short psychological horror game, completely recreating the
  atmosphere and gameplay of the PT originally published on the Playstation 4.
  .
  PT was under constant development over the course of 9 months, starting in
  April 2018 and ending in January 2019.
release: 2019-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/P.T. - Playable Teaser (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/P.T. - Playable Teaser (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/P.T. - Playable Teaser (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/P.T. - Playable Teaser (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/P.T. - Playable Teaser (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Phantasmagoria (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/P/Phantasmagoria (USA)/Phantasmagoria (USA).json
developer: Sierra
publisher: Sierra
genre: Adventure
description:
  Phantasmagoria is an adventure game that places heavy emphasis on full motion
  video for exposition and cutscenes at various junctures to advance the
  storyline. Adrienne is represented as a digitized character roaming around
  pre-rendered settings in the house. She inspects various rooms, finds items,
  adds them to her inventory, finds places to use the items, and triggers
  advancements in the plot.
  .
  Puzzle-solving element is present, though reduced compared to most other
  adventure games made by Sierra. There are seven chapters in the game, as well as
  a status screen that tracks the player's progress within the chapter. If the
  player happens to get stuck in the game, a talking skull icon who identifies
  himself as the hintkeeper can supply the player with hints on request. It is
  possible to start playing the game from any chapter.
release: 1995-07-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Phantasmagoria (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Phantasmagoria (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Phantasmagoria (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Phantasmagoria (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Phantasmagoria (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Phantasmagoria 2 - A Puzzle of Flesh (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/P/Phantasmagoria 2 - A Puzzle of Flesh (USA)/Phantasmagoria 2 - A Puzzle of Flesh (USA).json
developer: Sierra Entertainment
publisher: Sierra Entertainment
genre: Adventure;General
description:
  Curtis Craig is a quiet young man. He has a steady job working for the WynTech
  Industries corporation. He has a lovely girlfriend, Jocilyn. He's been out of
  the mental hospital for exactly one year. All Curtis wants is to live a normal,
  happy life, but something seems to have other plans... Strange events,
  inexplicable and terrifying, begin to happen all around him. Curtis begins to
  doubt his own sanity, and the very fabric of reality. Then... The murders
  begin...
release: 1996-11-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Phantasmagoria 2 - A Puzzle of Flesh (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Phantasmagoria 2 - A Puzzle of Flesh (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Phantasmagoria 2 - A Puzzle of Flesh (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Phantasmagoria 2 - A Puzzle of Flesh (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Phantasmagoria 2 - A Puzzle of Flesh (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pier Solar (USA) (En,Fr,Ja,De,Es,Pr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/P/Pier Solar (USA) (En,Fr,Ja,De,Es,Pr)/Pier Solar (USA) (En,Fr,Ja,De,Es,Pr).json
developer: Watermelon
publisher: WaterMelon
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Being originally designed and developed for the SEGA Mega Drive & SEGA Genesis,
  Pier Solar is a turn-based RPG with state-of-the-art aesthetics about the
  journey of three young heroes from the town of Reja. In this prospered and
  peaceful town there live three best friends: Hoston, Alina and Edessot. Young
  and curious, they want to go on a herb-seeking quest to help cure Hoston's
  father's mysterious illness. Little do they know ... it will be the beginning of
  their lifetime journey where they will learn the true meaning of friendship and
  the thrill of adventure.
  .
  This journey will demand their courage and wisdom to solve a long-lost mystery
  while they face the forces of destruction dispatched by an evil man who is
  trying to change the world for his own good. Through this escapade, they will be
  reborn as great heroes to protect the universe from a mistaken purpose..
release: 2014-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pier Solar (USA) (En,Fr,Ja,De,Es,Pr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pier Solar (USA) (En,Fr,Ja,De,Es,Pr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pier Solar (USA) (En,Fr,Ja,De,Es,Pr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pier Solar (USA) (En,Fr,Ja,De,Es,Pr).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pier Solar (USA) (En,Fr,Ja,De,Es,Pr).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pillars of Garendall (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/P/Pillars of Garendall (USA)/Pillars of Garendall (USA).json
developer: Ambrosia
publisher: Ambrosia
genre: Action;General
description:
  "Glory to Garendall!" -- the battlecry echoes off of the towering walls of
  Gidolan Keep. Screams of defiance, screams of death -- both pledge their
  allegiance and fealty to Garendall. The chaos and stench of a battle fought in
  desperation permeates the night air, thick with blood and fear.
  .
  Gidolan Keep lays under seige. Huge monsters, all tooth, claw, and muscle are
  assaulting the capitol city, threatening to crush the very heart of the kingdom
  in their malignant grasp.
  .
  Welcome to Pillars of Garendall, a huge (120mb+) epic fantasy role playing game
  created using the Coldstone game engine. You'll need a sharp-edged blade and a
  heart of steel to make it through this unique action-oriented role playing game.
  .
  Both Macintosh and Windows users can explore Garendall's dream-like sprawling
  world and intricately woven tapestry of a story. Pillars of Garendall even has
  extensive support for plugins, which allow the game to be expanded far beyond
  the confines of its original design.
release: 2001-08-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pillars of Garendall (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pillars of Garendall (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pillars of Garendall (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pillars of Garendall (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Police Quest IV - Open Season (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/P/Police Quest IV - Open Season (USA)/Police Quest IV - Open Season (USA).json
developer: Sierra Entertainment
publisher: Sierra Entertainment
genre: Adventure;General
description:
  Someone's on a killing spree, and it's up to you to solve a string of seemingly
  random murders. Some clues may bring you closer to the killer. Some lead down
  blind alleys. You must find the killer before he strikes again. Play it by the
  book and you may stay alive. Make a mistake and you could be the next victim.
release: 1992
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Police Quest IV - Open Season (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Police Quest IV - Open Season (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Police Quest IV - Open Season (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Police Quest IV - Open Season (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Police Quest IV - Open Season (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Prisoner of Ice (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/P/Prisoner of Ice (USA)/Prisoner of Ice (USA).json
developer: Infogrames
publisher: I Motion
genre: Adventure;General
description:
  Based on the bizarre writings of horror master H.P. Lovecraft.
  .
  Amid an atmosphere of suspense and intrigue you'll launch your voyage in the icy
  cold wastelands of the Antarctic aboard a Royal Navy submarine - the H.M.S.
  Victoria. As an American agent of the Office of Naval Intelligence, your mission
  is to thwart a Nazi plot and recover top secret cargo. Horrific creatures
  capable of shifting the balance of world power must be conquered. World War II
  looms ahead and your every move could change the course of history.
  .
  As you journey to the seemingly placid surroundings of a Greek courtyard or the
  secret gardens of Tihuanica, beware - things are not as they seem. This
  supernatural action adventure is sure to pique your obsession with horror and
  espionage.
release: 1995
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Prisoner of Ice (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Prisoner of Ice (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Prisoner of Ice (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Prisoner of Ice (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Prisoner of Ice (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Punch Club (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/P/Punch Club (USA)/Punch Club (USA).json
developer: Lazy Bear Games
publisher: tinyBuild
genre: Fighting;Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Punch Club is a sporting management simulation in which the player manages an
  upcoming boxer in training and preparation for a series of boxing matches at a
  local club, while searching for clues of who killed their father. The game was
  developed as a humorous take on action films of the 1980s and 1990s.
  .
  The player controls an unnamed boxer whose father, who helped to train him, was
  murdered. The boxer aims to continue his training and become the best boxer at a
  local league, while following clues to lead him to who killed his father. The
  player manages the boxer around the clock through various locations in a city,
  including his home, the boxing gym, stores, and his work place. Time progresses
  when the player is involved in any activity, including moving between these
  locations.
release: 2016-01-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Punch Club (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Punch Club (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Punch Club (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Punch Club (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Punch Club (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Quake III - Arena (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/Q/Quake III - Arena (USA)/Quake III - Arena (USA).json
developer: id Software
publisher: Activision
genre: Shooter
description:
  The eyes of the alien xaero are narrowing. Impassively watching and waiting as
  the arena transforms high-ranking warriors into spineless mush. But the seedy
  stench of death isn't enough to cloud your judgment. Abandoning every ounce of
  common sense and any trace of doubt, you lunge onto a stage of harrowing
  landscapes and veiled abysses. Your new environment rejects you with lava pits
  and atmospheric hazards as legions of foes surround you, testing the gut
  reaction that brought you here in the first place. Your purpose is unknown. Your
  only company, a mantra: fight or be finished.
  .
  Welcome to the Arena.
  .
  • SUPERIOR ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: Gear up for gibbing with extreme
  single-player intensity that'll punish you into preparing for the online
  world.\n
  • 10 INSTRUMENTS OF DESTRUCTION INCLUDING: SUPER SHOTGUN - Perfect for
  close-range kills and splatter-proof surprise attacks. GRENADE LAUNCHER - Trail
  bait for the chase. Get them off your back for good.PLASMA GUN - Wreak havoc
  with the gibbing machine no demon can defy. ROCKET LAUNCHER - Instant impact on
  a large scale. Great for those hard to reach places.\n
  • MULTI PLAYER: Cast yourself into a multi-player mosh-pit of 26 challenging
  maps filled with secrets, traps and hazards configured specifically to the
  quake-match style of gameplay. Plus 5 capture the flag maps to test how how well
  you play with others.\n
  • SINGLE PLAYER: Single handedly plow through 30 computer-controlled barbaric
  bots with advanced artificial intelligence so cunning, out-witting them is as
  maddening as out-gunning them. Each opponent has their own unique fight-style
  and it's up to you to adapt.\n
  • INTENSE ENVIRONMENTS: Enter a world where evil alters the very architecture it
  exists in. New Quake III Arena engine boasts specular lighting, volumetric fog,
  curved surfaces, pulse-pounding graphics and superior internet capabilities all
  at whiplash speed.\n
  •  30 DIFFERENT CHARACTERS: Choose from 30 savage characters including reptilian
  Sorlag, Surly Tank Jr, Metalhead, Visor and the motherlode herself, Lucy. Endure
  multiple combinations of enemies as each level tests your will and skill to the
  breaking point.
release: 1999-12-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Quake III - Arena (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Quake III - Arena (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Quake III - Arena (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Quake III - Arena (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Quest For Infamy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/Q/Quest For Infamy (USA)/Quest For Infamy (USA).json
developer: Infamous Quests
publisher: Phoenix Online Publishing
genre: Adventure
description:
  Why Be Famous When You Can Be Infamous?
  .
  Return to the glory days of role-playing and adventure with this humor-filled
  fantasy epic, styled in the vein of classic PC RPGs, where you play the charming
  villain. Blending turn-based combat and spellcasting with puzzle solving and
  adventure, players can choose from three character classes—brigand (strength),
  rogue (stealth), or sorcerer (magic), each with unique storylines and
  adventures—in one of the largest retro role-playing experiences ever. A
  spiritual heir to yesteryear's heroic quests, adventurers are invited to explore
  a world of hand-drawn wonder, as they wind their way through trap-infested
  dungeons, battle slavering beasts with swords or custom-made spells, and steal
  entire town's worth of treasure from unsuspecting townsfolk. Being bad has never
  felt so good!
  .
  - Classic fantasy Adventure/RPG packed with adventure, puzzles, combat, and
  spellcasting\n
  - Play as one of three anti-heroes with unique quests: Brigand, Rogue, or
  Sorcerer\n
  - Lie, cheat, and steal your way through tales of charming villainy with
  multiple endings\n
  - Use swords, spells, or wits to blaze a path to victory: Styles vary with every
  play\n
  - Hand-drawn world seamlessly blends role-playing and adventure\n
  - Interact with over 50 NPCs and explore over 200 rooms\n
  - Customize your own spells, skills, and adventures
release: 2014-07-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Quest For Infamy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Quest For Infamy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Quest For Infamy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Quest For Infamy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Quest For Infamy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Real Crimes 2-Pack (Jack the Ripper, The Unicorn Killer) (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Real Crimes 2-Pack (Jack the Ripper, The Unicorn Killer) (USA)/Real Crimes 2-Pack (Jack the Ripper, The Unicorn Killer) (USA).json
developer: Virtual Playground
publisher: Big Fish Games
genre: Puzzle;Hidden Object;Compilation
description:
  Experience the gritty and beautiful Victorian England.
  .
  Put your investigative skills to the test through exciting puzzles and
  challenges.
  .
  Take a historical journey across real locations and events.
  .
  Find hundreds of items to reveal the killer’s identity.
  .
  Bonus! Real Crimes: The Unicorn Killer
release: 2009-12-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Real Crimes 2-Pack (Jack the Ripper, The Unicorn Killer) (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Real Crimes 2-Pack (Jack the Ripper, The Unicorn Killer) (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Real Crimes 2-Pack (Jack the Ripper, The Unicorn Killer) (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Real Crimes 2-Pack (Jack the Ripper, The Unicorn Killer) (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Real Crimes 2-Pack (Jack the Ripper, The Unicorn Killer) (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Resident Evil (USA)/Resident Evil (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror;Puzzle
description:
  Raccoon City has been completely overrun by mutant beasts and bloodthirsty
  zombies. You are a member of S.T.A.R.S.--a rescue squad sent into the community
  to investigate the ominous mansion at the core of the disaster. Take the role of
  operative Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield and uncover the secrets behind a
  radical, genetic research facility. With an array of weapons to master and
  horrors around every corner, the ultimate test may be just to make it out alive.
release: 1996-12-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Resident Evil 2 (USA)/Resident Evil 2 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  In Resident Evil 2, the classic action, tense exploration, and puzzle solving
  gameplay that defined the Resident Evil series returns. Players join rookie
  police officer Leon Kennedy and college student Claire Redfield, who are thrust
  together by a disastrous outbreak in Raccoon City that transformed its
  population into deadly zombies. Both Leon and Claire have their own separate
  playable campaigns, allowing players to see the story from both characters’
  perspectives. The fate of these two fan favorite characters is in players hands
  as they work together to survive and get to the bottom of what is behind the
  terrifying attack on the city. Will they make it out alive?
release: 2019-01-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA)/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Eidos
genre: Horror;Puzzle;Shooter
description:
  Resident Evil 3: Nemesis, released in Japan as Biohazard 3: Last Escape is a
  survival horror video game and the sequel to Resident Evil 2, developed and
  published by Capcom. The game was released for the PlayStation, and was
  subsequently ported to the Dreamcast, Microsoft Windows and Nintendo GameCube.
  The game is also available for download on the PlayStation Network for use with
  both the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation Portable.
  .
  The first half of the game occurs 24 hours prior to Resident Evil 2 and the
  second half takes place two days after. The storyline expands upon the settings
  and events of the T-virus outbreak in Raccoon City, and concludes with the fate
  of the city and its infected population.
  .
  The game's storyline was later used as the basis for the 2004 film Resident
  Evil: Apocalypse.
release: 1999-09-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil 4 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Resident Evil 4 (USA)/Resident Evil 4 (USA).json
developer: Sourcenext
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  Six years have passed since the destruction of Raccoon City. US Agent Leon\n
  Kennedy has been assigned to locate the President's kidnapped daughter. His\n
  investigation has led him to a rural part of Europe. Hoping to find more\n
  information he makes a stop at a village.
  .
  But what he found was more than out of the ordinary.
  .
  Upon entering the village, Leon is suddenly attacked. He has no choice but to\n
  return fire in self-defense. But that wasn't enough to stop "them."
  .
  It reminded Leon of the horrors that occurred at Raccoon City.
  .
  "I thought the nightmares were over..."
  .
  Flesh that knows no pain. Strength beyond any human. It all seemed very
  familiar\n
  - too familiar, but something was different. Something about their eyes...In\n
  spite of all the madness there was still something human in them.
release: 2007-03-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 4 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 4 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 4 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 4 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil 4 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rise of Nations - Rise of Legends (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Rise of Nations - Rise of Legends (USA)/Rise of Nations - Rise of Legends (USA).json
developer: Big Huge Games
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Strategy
description:
  Rise of Nations: Rise of Legends continues the innovative gameplay tradition.
  Journey to the land of Aio, a world embroiled in an epic battle between the
  forces of Magic and Technology. Fight through towering cities, flame-swept
  deserts and brutal ice plains in battles filled with mystic creatures,
  impossible machines, and stunning acts of magic. Guide a young inventor's
  struggle to unravel his world's ancient past and unite its people against an
  unimaginable threat.
release: 2006-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rise of Nations - Rise of Legends (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rise of Nations - Rise of Legends (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rise of Nations - Rise of Legends (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rise of Nations - Rise of Legends (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rise of Nations - Rise of Legends (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rise of the Triad - The Hunt Begins (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Rise of the Triad - The Hunt Begins (USA)/Rise of the Triad - The Hunt Begins (USA).json
developer: Apogee Software Ltd.
publisher: Apogee Software Ltd.
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Rise of the Triad: The HUNT Begins is the shareware version of Apogee's Rise of
  the Triad. Unlike many other shareware games of the time which were distributed
  via the Scott Miller model, The HUNT Begins is a separate episode that serves as
  a prequel to the retail game. As Taradino Cassatt, member of the High-risk
  United Nations Taskforce (HUNT), the player must infiltrate the stronghold that
  El Oscuro's followers have established on a small island in the Gulf of Santa
  Catalina, and shut down their operations.
  .
  As the shareware episode was meant to showcase the various features of the full
  game, some of the enemies and obstacles encountered in The HUNT Begins actually
  only make their first appearance in episodes two and three of the Dark War. That
  way, the shareware version allows to sample a substantial portion of the game's
  arsenal, enemy roster, items, traps and other obstacles.
  .
  The HUNT Begins contains a total of ten single-player levels (seven regular
  levels, one secret level and two "warp-only levels" which can be accessed only
  with the use of the level warp cheat), and additionally there are eight levels
  designed for online play. Three multi-player (Comm-Bat) modes are available in
  the shareware version: Normal, Score Mode, and Collector, and it is possible to
  play in these modes not only against the shareware version owners but also
  against opponents who have Dark War.
release: 1994-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rise of the Triad - The Hunt Begins (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rise of the Triad - The Hunt Begins (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rise of the Triad - The Hunt Begins (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rise of the Triad - The Hunt Begins (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rise of the Triad - The Hunt Begins (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Risk of Rain (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Risk of Rain (USA)/Risk of Rain (USA).json
developer: Hopoo Games
publisher: Chucklefish
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Risk of Rain is an action platformer/adventure game with randomized
  elements.While we don’t want to spoil the story, we can let a few things
  through! The game is set in the distant future, where space transportation is
  common. Space trains carry passengers and goods all across space. A particular
  space train, however, had some very special cargo. Through a series of
  unfortunate events, this space train gets shot out of orbit and crash lands on a
  mysterious planet.. with one survivor.
release: 2013-11-08
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Risk of Rain (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Risk of Rain (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Risk of Rain (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Risk of Rain (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Risk of Rain (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Rive (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Rive (USA)/Rive (USA).json
developer: Two Tribes
publisher: Two Tribes Publishing
genre: Action;Platform;Shooter
description:
  RIVE is the metal wrecking, robot hacking shooter you've been waiting for! This
  360-degree shooter/platformer hybrid lets you choreograph a ‘dance of
  destruction’ in insanely spectacular battles and set-pieces. RIVE feels like the
  explosive games of yore, pumping megapixels in true 21st century style.
  .
  - Endless variety: fight on land, underwater, in zero gravity or on a moving
  train!
  .
  - Gather hacks and control your enemies.
  .
  - Upgrade your spider tank's special attacks, armor and loot magnet.
  .
  - A 6+ hour campaign, voiced by Mark Dodson (Star Wars & Gremlins).
  .
  - A deep story featuring our hero Roughshot, robot butlers, space loot and...
  clean teeth.
  .
  - Prove your mettle in the extra Speedrun and Single-Credit modes.
  .
  - Dozens of on-line leaderboards to compete in.
  .
  ABOUT HACKING:
  .
  Ever dreamed of controlling your enemies? In RIVE you can. Find the hacks and
  get those gun turrets, nurse drones and irritable smashbots on your side. Or
  kickstart and hitch a ride on top of a bullet train!
  .
  ABOUT THE STORY:
  .
  When space scavenger Roughshot gets trapped on a mysterious starship, he has to
  form a surprising alliance. Don't care about the story? Just shoot the
  messenger. Literally.
release: 2016-09-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rive (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rive (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rive (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rive (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rive (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Riven - The Sequel to Myst (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Riven - The Sequel to Myst (USA)/Riven - The Sequel to Myst (USA).json
developer: Cyan
publisher: Red Orb Entertainment
genre: Adventure
description:
  After the Stranger has rescued Atrus, the master of "linking books", from the
  imprisonment caused by his sons, a new task awaits the hero. Atrus's wife,
  Catherine, has been taken by Gehn, his own father. Gehn has appointed himself as
  the one to rule the Age of Riven, and has driven his world to collapse. Now he
  holds Catherine hostage on Riven, hoping that his son will restore the book link
  to the Age and free him from there. The Stranger is requested by Atrus to travel
  to Riven and find a way to rescue Catherine.
  .
  Riven is a sequel to Myst, and is very similar to its predecessor in gameplay
  style, controls, and visual presentation. The game world is presented as a
  series of computer-generated still screens; the player explores it in a
  point-and-click fashion. Interaction with the environment is possible only when
  said environment is highlighted as a "hot spot", and is also performed by simple
  clicking. Like its predecessor, Riven is heavy on puzzles, which rarely include
  using inventory items, but usually involve understanding and manipulating the
  complex environments and machinery of the game world.
release: 1997-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Riven - The Sequel to Myst (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Riven - The Sequel to Myst (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Riven - The Sequel to Myst (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Riven - The Sequel to Myst (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Riven - The Sequel to Myst (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rogue Legacy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/R/Rogue Legacy (USA)/Rogue Legacy (USA).json
developer: Cellar Door Games
publisher: Cellar Door Games
genre: Action;Platform;Role-Playing
description:
  Rogue Legacy is a genealogical rogue-"LITE" where anyone can be a hero.
  .
  Each time you die, your child will succeed you. Every child is unique. One child
  might be colorblind, another might have tourettes-- they could even be a dwarf.
  .
  That's OK, because no one is perfect, and you don't have to be perfect to win
  this game. But you do have to be pretty darn good because this game is HARD.
  Fortunately, every time you die all the gold you've collected can be used to
  upgrade you manor, giving your next child a step up in life and another chance
  at vanquishing evil.
  .
  But you shouldn't listen to me. You should check out the trailer. It explains
  the game better then I ever could.
  .
  If you really want to READ about this game though, then you should check out our
  bullet list below.
  .
  Here's what Rogue Legacy IS:\n
  A procedurally generated adventure. Explore new castles with every life.\n
  Rogue-lite. Your character dies, but with each passing your lineage grows and
  becomes stronger.\n
  Tons of unique traits that makes each playthrough special. Ever wanted to be
  dyslexic? Now you can!\n
  More than 8 classes to choose from (9)! Each class has unique abilities that
  change the way you play the game.\n
  Over 60 different enemies to test your skills against. Hope you like
  palette-swaps!\n
  Massive, expandable skill tree. Rack in the loot to upgrade your manor and give
  your successors a cutting edge.\n
  Oh yeah, there's a Blacksmith and an Enchantress shop but we forgot to show them
  in the trailer...\n
  Equip your heroes with powerful weaponry and armor. Or gain new abilities like
  flight, dash, and air jumping.\n
  Tons of secrets and easter eggs to uncover... or are there? Yes there are.\n
  Got a controller? Play with a controller. Big Picture ready.\n
  Clowns.
release: 2013-06-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rogue Legacy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rogue Legacy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rogue Legacy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rogue Legacy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rogue Legacy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: SCP-087 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/SCP-087 (USA)/SCP-087 (USA).json
developer: Haversine
publisher: Haversine
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  SCP-087 is a simple experimental first person horror game created by Haversine.
  It inspired Regalis to make SCP-087-B and later SCP – Containment Breach.
  .
  The player starts out in the entrance of the stairwell, being conducted by
  the foundation for testing. The player must wander through the several floors
  and will experience various screen effects and sounds. The amount of floors
  are random and usually range from 60 to 150.
  .
  Before the player reaches the last floor, SCP-087-1's face can be seen in the
  darkness on the next floor. Once the player gets close enough SCP-087-1 will
  charge at the player before the game crashes.
release: 2012-01-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SCP-087 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SCP-087 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/SCP-087 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SCP-087 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: SCP-087-B (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/SCP-087-B (USA)/SCP-087-B (USA).json
developer: Joonas "Regalis" Rikkonen
publisher: Joonas "Regalis" Rikkonen
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  SCP-087-B is an experimental first-person horror game created by Joonas
  "Regalis" Rikkonen, a man later known for developing SCP – Containment Breach,
  based off the original SCP-087 game created by Haversine.
  .
  The gameplay is extremely simple and linear, being an expansion of SCP-087,
  as it is about a random Foundation personnel (led by a doctor alerting them
  of enemies and how far they've gotten via radio) walking down a flight of
  stairs that range from 150 to 180 floor-wise. However, they are hunted down
  by a variety of monsters they must evade as they have no means of defense.
  These monsters include:
  .
  The Masked Man: A black humanoid donning a white mask who manifests itself
  in the darkness and will instantly kill the player upon contact.
  .
  The Red Mist Monster: Another black humanoid with glowing white eyes and red
  markings who acts similar to that of the Masked Man, but typically manifests
  itself in differing locations.
  .
  The Cheshire Smile: Simply being a disembodied twisted smile with piercing
  white eyes, the Cheshire Smile is completely harmless and randomly appears
  to frighten the player by whispering "No" and staring at them with its
  disturbing gaze.
release: 2012-01-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SCP-087-B (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SCP-087-B (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/SCP-087-B (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SCP-087-B (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Sam & Max Hit the Road (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Sam & Max Hit the Road (USA)/Sam & Max Hit the Road (USA).json
developer: LucasArts Entertainment Company LLC
publisher: LucasArts Entertainment Company LLC
genre: Adventure
description:
  Grab your nightstick, squeal like a siren and Hit the Road with Sam & Max,
  Freelance Police, as they attempt to crack their toughest case. Sam (a shamus
  canine) and Max (a hyperkinetic rabbity thing) are hot on the trail of a runaway
  carnival bigfoot across America's quirky underbelly in this deranged animated
  adventure!
  .
  Help our frightening, furry flatfoots find the fugitive freak! Do it now!
release: 1993-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sam & Max Hit the Road (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sam & Max Hit the Road (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sam & Max Hit the Road (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sam & Max Hit the Road (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sam & Max Hit the Road (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Schizm (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Schizm (USA)/Schizm (USA).json
developer: Detalion
publisher: DreamCatcher Interactive Inc.,
genre: Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  Schizm: The Mysterious Journey is a first-person point and click adventure game
  with emphasis on exploration and puzzle solving.
  .
  The year is 2083, you are a member of a supply ship crew tasked with bringing
  the needed supplies to various scientific research bases. When a scientific
  expedition to the deserted planet, Argilus goes missing, you must solve the
  mystery of their disappearance and hopefully save them.
release: 2001-10-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Schizm (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Schizm (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Schizm (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Schizm (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Schizm (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Scratches - Director's Cut (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Scratches - Director's Cut (USA)/Scratches - Director's Cut (USA).json
developer: Nucleosys Digital Studio
publisher: Nucleosys
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  The Director's Cut of Scratches is an update of the original game with some
  enhancements and new features.
  .
  This edition of the game includes an alternate ending which previously was
  available only as a patch add-on. A new chapter was added in which a player
  revisits the manor ten years after the events described in original game. Also
  new is the "Michael Diary" containing more clues and thoughts from the main
  character.
  .
  The game now supports higher graphic resolution settings and a new default
  control method with fixed mouse, FPS-like movement.
release: 2007-04-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Scratches - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Scratches - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Scratches - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Scratches - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Scratches - Director's Cut (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sega Dreamcast AT&T WorldNet Service & Previews (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Sega Dreamcast AT&T WorldNet Service & Previews (USA)/Sega Dreamcast AT&T WorldNet Service & Previews (USA).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Utility;Compilation;Videos
description:
  It's thinking.
  .
  It wants to play on the internet.
  .
  It wants its own keyboard.
  .
  Plug into AT&T WorldNet service, the internet service powerful enough to handle Sega Dreamcast and get a free Sega Dreamcast keyboard to surf the web.
  .
  Preview new Sega Dreamcast games now, and get wired to the Net like never before on AT&T WorldNet service.
  .
  Sonic Adventure, Virtua Fighter 3tb, Sega Rally 2, Dynamite Cop, Toy Commander, NFL 2K, Sega Bass Fishing, Red Dog, Shenmue, Crazy Taxi
  .
  This CD-ROM is not playable on Sega Dreamcast.
release: 1999-09-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Dreamcast AT&T WorldNet Service & Previews (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Dreamcast AT&T WorldNet Service & Previews (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Dreamcast AT&T WorldNet Service & Previews (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Dreamcast AT&T WorldNet Service & Previews (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Sega Genesis Classic Collection - Gold Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Sega Genesis Classic Collection - Gold Edition (USA)/Sega Genesis Classic Collection - Gold Edition (USA).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  Relive old memories and create new ones with this new PC collection of over 40
  classic titles from the golden era of the Sega Genesis! Enjoy a huge range of
  top-quality, iconic moments in gaming history and experience these fantastic
  titles in single and multiplayer mode!
release: 2011-03-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Genesis Classic Collection - Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Genesis Classic Collection - Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Genesis Classic Collection - Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Genesis Classic Collection - Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Genesis Classic Collection - Gold Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Septerra Core - Legacy of the Creator (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Septerra Core - Legacy of the Creator (USA)/Septerra Core - Legacy of the Creator (USA).json
developer: Valkyrie Studios
publisher: TopWare Interactive
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Septerra is a world which is composed of "layers" - continents that spin around
  the planet center. In the center is the Core, a kind of a living computer.
  According to the legends, the Creator of Septerra left there a precious Gift -
  an artifact that grants the one who possesses it legendary powers. Septerra is
  controlled by the Chosen, who live at the top of the world, consuming massive
  amounts of energy and throwing the "waste" down, to lower levels. Maya, a "junk
  scavenger" who lives among those wastes and earns the living collecting junk,
  unexpectedly comes into contact with the Chosen. It appears that their goal is
  to reach the legendary Gift. Maya and her friends decide to face the Chosen, and
  ultimately discover the true history of the planet.
  .
  Despite its Western origins, Septerra Core is a Japanese-style role-playing
  game. The game's visual design is close to Japanese anime, and the emphasis of
  the game is on a character-driven linear narrative with simple role-playing
  mechanics. The game's story evolves across the seven worlds of Septerra, each
  with its own distinct style, including post-apocalyptic, semi-medieval,
  futuristic, etc. In the first half of the game the player-controlled party
  explores these worlds on foot, accessing towns and other areas from an
  overworld. Later the player gains a ship that allows fast transportation to any
  world, including previously inaccessible areas.
  .
  Combat is turn-based and takes place against enemies who either visibly wander
  around or appear at pre-set locations in hostile areas. There are no enemies on
  the world map. The action bar of each character is divided into three segments
  and is gradually filled. Opting for either fast and weak or strong and slow
  attacks, the player must select a character in real time, stopping the bar and
  pausing combat. Magic spells are usually awarded after completing plot events
  and may be combined with each other by two or three characters to create new
  ones. The player is for the most part free to form a party of three active
  combatants from a larger cast.
release: 1999-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Septerra Core - Legacy of the Creator (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Septerra Core - Legacy of the Creator (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Septerra Core - Legacy of the Creator (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Septerra Core - Legacy of the Creator (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Septerra Core - Legacy of the Creator (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shadow Chronicles 6 Pack - Collector's Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Shadow Chronicles 6 Pack - Collector's Edition (USA)/Shadow Chronicles 6 Pack - Collector's Edition (USA).json
developer: Encore Software
publisher: Encore Software
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Encounter strange terrors and unexpected happenings in this atmospheric
  collection that combines ghost stories, who-dun-it mysteries and more to
  create unnerving and suspenseful hidden-object tales packed with extended
  gameplay and other exclusive features!
release: 2013-06-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shadow Chronicles 6 Pack - Collector's Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shadow Chronicles 6 Pack - Collector's Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shadow Chronicles 6 Pack - Collector's Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shadow Chronicles 6 Pack - Collector's Edition (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Shadow of the Comet (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Shadow of the Comet (USA)/Shadow of the Comet (USA).json
developer: Infogrames
publisher: I*Motion
genre: Adventure;General
description:
  The year is 1910. Bathed in pale spring sunlight, the small fishing port of
  Illsmouth is a sleepy New England town where time seems to stand still.
  Appearances can be very deceiving, however... Beneath the peaceful transquillity
  of this small village, a horrifying truth lingers.
  .
  Whispers in a dusty, secluded library ripple with fear as questions of the past
  are brought into the present. Is there a link between the return of halley's
  Comet and the resurgence of the Great Ancients who once dominated the land in a
  reign of terror? Legend tells tales of an ancient ritual ground, hidden deep in
  the shadows of the tangled forest, marked by an ornate and mysterious cross.
  Once, long ago, this site was the stage for wild and terrifying rites that no
  one dare speak of, lest they suffer the wrath of the ancients.
release: 1993
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shadow of the Comet (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shadow of the Comet (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shadow of the Comet (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shadow of the Comet (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shadow of the Comet (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shivers (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Shivers (USA)/Shivers (USA).json
developer: Sierra
publisher: Sierra
genre: Adventure;Horror;Puzzle
description:
  In Shivers, an adventure puzzle game designed by Marcia Bales, the player takes
  a dare from friends to spend a night in professor Windlenot's "Museum of the
  Strange and Unusual". The museum had yet to be opened and has been abandoned and
  forgotten ever since the professor has mysteriously disappeared 15 years ago,
  along with 2 students who are suspected to have wandered inside the museum. A
  collection of ancient South American vessels, believed to contain evil spirits,
  are removed from their display, opened and scattered all around the museum, with
  the spirits lurking in every corner. It is your task to find all the matching
  vessel parts, and capture them again before they can entirely drain your life
  essence. However, the task becomes harder as the entire museum is covered with
  puzzles which need to be solved in order to proceed.
release: 1995-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shivers (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shivers (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shivers (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shivers (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shivers (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Silent Hill 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Silent Hill 2 (USA)/Silent Hill 2 (USA).json
developer: Creature Labs
publisher: Konami
genre: Horror
description:
  While set in the series' eponymous fictional American town, Silent Hill 2 is not
  a direct sequel to the first Silent Hill game. Instead, it centers on James
  Sunderland, who enters the town after receiving a letter written by his deceased
  wife, saying she is waiting for him in their "special place" in Silent Hill.
  Joined by Maria, who strongly resembles her, he searches for her and discovers
  the truth about her death. Additional material in re-releases and ports included
  Born from a Wish, a sub-scenario which focuses on Maria before she and James
  meet.
release: 2002-12-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Silent Hill 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Silent Hill 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Silent Hill 3 (USA)/Silent Hill 3 (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  In Silent Hill 3 the player controls Heather, a simple teenage girl. One fine
  day she goes shopping, but suddenly finds herself trapped in a strange,
  terrifying place - the eerie town Silent Hill. She hears footsteps; disgusting,
  creepy monsters attack her, and she has to defend herself. Exploring Silent Hill
  - and her own past - Heather must find a way to escape the dreadful town.
  .
  The third installment in the Silent Hill series is similar to its predecessor
  visually and gameplay-wise. Like the previous entries, it is a survival horror
  game combining action-based (predominantly close-ranged) combat and
  puzzle-solving. The game is somewhat more combat-oriented than the preceding
  installments. Heather is able to side-step and block some attacks, but in
  general shares with the other protagonists of the series their relative
  ineptitude in combat.
release: 2003-12-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Silent Hill 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sims 2, The - Ultimate Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Sims 2, The - Ultimate Collection (USA)/Sims 2, The - Ultimate Collection (USA).json
developer: Maxis Software
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  The Sims 2 is the official sequel to the "best-selling PC game of all-time", The
  Sims.
  .
  In this sequel, Maxis has created an entirely new, 3D engine, similar to the
  console Sim games. You can rotate the camera in a 360 view, or shuffle the
  camera to the left and right.
  .
  Your Sims are also fully animated, articulated characters. They have a wide
  range of movements, most of which are humorous. Eating, drinking, going to the
  bathroom, getting kissed, proposing marriage... everything has a specific
  animation to it.
  .
  The Sims 2 has an expanded Build mode. You can now create large houses, going up
  to four floors, with new types of wallpapers, carpets, stairs, fireplaces, and
  more. You can connect parts of your house via a deck or patio, or a balcony-type
  catwalk.
  .
  When first playing the game, you can choose to move your family into a pre-made
  neighborhood with different themes, or you can create one from scratch. If you
  have SimCity 4 and/or Rush Hour installed, you can import cities into The Sims 2
  to use custom neighborhoods.
  .
  The biggest change to the game is aging and fears/aspirations. Your Sims will
  now age, from a newborn to a toddler to a child to an adult and finally, to a
  senior. Your Sims will also eventually die of old age (or other means, for evil
  players), but there is a way to prolong your Sims youth.
  .
  This edition comes bundled with all released expansions.
release: 2004-09-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sims 2, The - Ultimate Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sims 2, The - Ultimate Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sims 2, The - Ultimate Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sims 2, The - Ultimate Collection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sims 2, The - Ultimate Collection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sims, The - Complete Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Sims, The - Complete Collection (USA)/Sims, The - Complete Collection (USA).json
developer: Maxis Software
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Construction and Management Simulation;Life Simulation
description:
  Get the best-selling PC game of all time and all seven of its expansion packs! /
  Rated T: Teen With The Sims - Unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your Sims
  family. Housebreak your pets, train them to do tricks, buy them toys, and do
  your best to keep them from destroying the house! The Sims - Superstar lets you
  experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your Sims to
  superstardom. Become a movie star, rocker, or supermodel and spend your cash on
  extravagant new items for your home. In The Sims - Makin' Magic you'll cast
  spells, hypnotize friends, and even turn a neighbor into a frog. But watch out,
  spells can go haywire if you're not careful. The neighborhood will never be the
  same!
  .
  Features
  .
  -More than 1,000 items and building options.
  .
  -Decide careers, romances, interests and more.
  .
  -Includes The Sims, Livin' Large, House Party, Hot Date, Vacation, Unleashed,
  Superstar and Makin' Magic.
release: 2005-11-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sims, The - Complete Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sims, The - Complete Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sims, The - Complete Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sims, The - Complete Collection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sims, The - Complete Collection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: SkiFree (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/SkiFree (USA)/SkiFree (USA).json
developer: Chris Pirih
publisher: Microsoft
genre: Sports
description:
  SkiFree is a single-player skiing computer game created by Chris Pirih and
  released with Microsoft Entertainment Pack 3 for Windows 3.0 in October
  1991. The player controls a skier on a mountain slope, avoiding obstacles
  while racing against time or performing stunts for points, depending on
  the game mode.
  .
  SkiFree was well-received upon release, with critics focusing on its
  simplicity and graphics. The game was ported to Macintosh and, years later,
  to Game Boy Color and iOS. Pirih also released a free, updated 32-bit
  Windows version after rediscovering his original source code. SkiFree
  remains popular among the gaming community and is often remembered for
  its Abominable Snowman, which pursues the player after they finish a full
  run.
  .
  In 2020, Microsoft released Surf, a game included with Microsoft Edge
  heavily inspired by SkiFree. A winter skin where the player skis instead
  of surfs and must run from the SkiFree Abominable Snowman was added to
  the game in 2021.
release: 1991
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SkiFree (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SkiFree (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/SkiFree (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SkiFree (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/SkiFree (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Soldier of Fortune II - Double Helix (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Soldier of Fortune II - Double Helix (USA)/Soldier of Fortune II - Double Helix (USA).json
developer: Raven Software
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Shooter;First-Person;Arcade
description:
  Soldier of Fortune II: Double Helix plunges you into the secret and deadly world
  of the modern-day mercenary. You'll have 25 authentic military weapons,
  including machine guns, grenade launchers, and sniper rifles, at your disposal.
  Test them out against enemies that are scattered across real-world hotspots from
  the jungles of Colombia to the frozen wastelands of Kamchatka. Soldier of
  Fortune II: Double Helix provides 55 single-player maps and 20 multiplayer maps
  to keep your finger on the trigger.
release: 2002-05-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Soldier of Fortune II - Double Helix (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Soldier of Fortune II - Double Helix (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Soldier of Fortune II - Double Helix (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Soldier of Fortune II - Double Helix (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Soldier of Fortune II - Double Helix (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic R (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Sonic R (USA)/Sonic R (USA).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: Sega
genre: Racing
description:
  Everybody's Supersonic Racing! Knuckles, Tails, Amy and Dr. Robotnik join Sonic
  in his speediest outing yet. Containing 5 graphically stunning tracks with many
  short-cuts and secrets. Sonic R will have you coming back for more. Features
  Grand Prix, 4 Time Attack modes and split-screen 2 player game. R U Ready?!?
release: 1998-11-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic R (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic R (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic R (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic R (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic R (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Speculum Mortis - Regret (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Speculum Mortis - Regret (USA)/Speculum Mortis - Regret (USA).json
developer: Happo
publisher: Happo
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  SPECULUM MORTIS: REGRET (pronounced 'SPEC-cool-loom MORE-tiss'—Latin for
  mirror of death) is Happo's first released game.
  .
  In a nutshell, Speculum Mortis is a horror-themed first-person
  point-and-click adventure.
  .
  Speculum Mortis is presented mostly in grayscale to illustrate the
  darkness and predominant psychological horror atmosphere.
  .
  The game is set in a Victorian age residence abandoned a long time
  ago — or so it of course seems at first glance.
release: 2008
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Speculum Mortis - Regret (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Speculum Mortis - Regret (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Speculum Mortis - Regret (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Speculum Mortis - Regret (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Spooky's House of Jump Scares (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Spooky's House of Jump Scares (USA)/Spooky's House of Jump Scares (USA).json
developer: Lag Studios
publisher: Lag Studios
genre: First Person;Horror
description:
  Can you survive 1000 rooms of cute terror? Or will you break once the cuteness
  starts to fade off and you're running for your life from the unspeakable
  hideous beings that shake and writhe in bowels of this house? They wait for
  you, they wait and hunger for meeting you. They long to finally meet you and
  show you how flexible your skin can be after it has soaked in blood. Will you
  brave this journey, will you set to beat the impossible, the insane, and the
  incorporeal?
release: 2014-10-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spooky's House of Jump Scares (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spooky's House of Jump Scares (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spooky's House of Jump Scares (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spooky's House of Jump Scares (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spooky's House of Jump Scares (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Stanley Parable, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Stanley Parable, The (USA)/Stanley Parable, The (USA).json
developer: Galactic Cafe
publisher: Galactic Cafe
genre: Adventure
description:
  The Stanley Parable is an experimental narrative-driven first person game. It is
  an exploration of choice, freedom, storytelling and reality, all examined
  through the lens of what it means to play a video game.
  .
  - You will make a choice that does not matter\n
  - You will follow a story that has no end - You will play a game you cannot
  win\n
  ...it's actually best if you don't know anything about it before you play it...
  .
  The HD Remix of The Stanley Parable is a remodeled, remastered version of this
  unique title.
release: 2013-10-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Stanley Parable, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Stanley Parable, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Stanley Parable, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Stanley Parable, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Stanley Parable, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Trek - Omnipedia (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Star Trek - Omnipedia (USA)/Star Trek - Omnipedia (USA).json
developer: Imergy
publisher: Simon & Schuster Interactive
genre: Puzzle;Education
description:
  A comprehensive electronic database to the Star Trek® universe, with photos,
  video, graphics, text and audio that mingle in thousands of indexed entries,
  cross-referenced from the first three Trek series and the first six Trek movies.
  Based on the print publications The Star Trek Encyclopedia and Star Trek
  Chronology, this is a multimedia tour of all the episodes, characters, actors,
  history, technology, and more. It's voice-activated (if your computer's equipped
  for that), and narrated by Mark Lenard (Spock's father Sarek). And if that's not
  enough, it will be updated on a regular basis – all registered users of the
  Omnipedia will receive the first update free, and thereafter will be notified of
  all new installments and supplementary material as it becomes available. That
  way, the Omnipedia need never be out-of-date.
release: 1995-08-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Trek - Omnipedia (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Trek - Omnipedia (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Trek - Omnipedia (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Trek - Omnipedia (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Star Trek - The Next Generation - A Final Unity (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Star Trek - The Next Generation - A Final Unity (USA)/Star Trek - The Next Generation - A Final Unity (USA).json
developer: Spectrum Holobyte
publisher: Spectrum Holobyte
genre: Adventure
description:
  Jean-Luc Picard, captain of the Federation starship USS Enterprise-D, is on a
  mission to encounter an ultimate threat to the known galaxy. The game starts
  with a Federation outpost detecting an unknown ship approaching Federation
  space; the Enterprise is sent to deal with this new situation. The mystery ship
  appears to be a small scout-ship from Garid that has lost power to its engines
  and as a result has sailed off of its intended course. Suddenly, a Romulan
  Warbird battleship from Garid uncloaks itself right between the protagonist and
  the new ship, and thus a new story begins. A Final Unity is a hybrid game with
  adventure and strategy segments. Whilst on the ship the player can use the
  tactical console to engage in occasional battles against enemy, repair damaged
  systems, and select teams for away missions. These missions constitute the
  larger portion of the game, and are played like a traditional point-and-click
  adventure, including item manipulation and puzzle-solving. Dialogues may vary
  depending on the crew members previously selected by the player.
release: 1995-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Trek - The Next Generation - A Final Unity (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Trek - The Next Generation - A Final Unity (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Trek - The Next Generation - A Final Unity (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Trek - The Next Generation - A Final Unity (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Trek - The Next Generation - A Final Unity (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA)/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).json
developer: LucasArts Entertainment Company LLC
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action
description:
  Kyle Katarn is a former Imperial officer turned mercenary, now hired by the
  Rebel Alliance. After having stolen the Death Star plans from a remote facility,
  he is tasked with investigating the sudden destruction of a hidden Rebel base.
  This leads him to face off against Imperial General Rom Mohc and the various
  iterations of his Dark Troopers - cybernetic soldiers with the armor and
  firepower to turn the tide of the war. Dark Forces is a close prequel to the
  original Star Wars movie trilogy. The game marks LucasArts' first attempt to
  enter the first-person shooter market. Instead of licensing the DOOM engine,
  like many competitors, LucasArts created its own internal Jedi engine. The Jedi
  engine contains advanced features over similar tech, including the ability to
  look up and down, jump, crouch, and limited support (in the build used for Dark
  Forces) for rooms (sectors) over rooms. The 3D models also make occasional
  appearances inside the game, as turrets or Kyle's ship dropping him off or
  picking him up from each mission. Most levels have a fairly complex, often
  maze-like structure, and include various switches that need to be activated to
  change the layout of the level. Jumping is integrated into the gameplay, as
  certain areas can only be accessed in that way. In addition to weapons, Kyle can
  use shields to protect himself from damage, a head lamp to illuminate dark
  areas, as well as specific items used to counter environmental hazards. The
  player character is given a certain amount of "lives" per level; he dies
  permanently once he runs out of all of them. Game progress can be saved only
  between missions. The game features fourteen substantial levels as Kyle works to
  disarm the Dark Trooper project. Many levels reference characters or areas from
  the Star Wars movie trilogy, such as a visit with Jabba the Hutt, a trip to
  Coruscant, and a battle through the interior of a Star Destroyer. As opposed to
  most first-person shooters of the time period, every level has objectives for
  Kyle to complete, ranging from grabbing a clue and getting out alive, to
  planting charges around a facility to demolish it. Cutscenes appear between key
  missions to update the plot. The Star Wars license gets plenty of use, as the
  game features imperial officers, stormtroopers, and a collection of aliens seen
  in the films as enemies. Blaster rifles and thermal detonators are used as
  weapons, along with other firearms inspired by the tech of the films. Dark
  Forces also uses the iMuse engine to dynamically change the music during action
  scenes, with much of the music based off or directly replicating, John Williams'
  original film score. The game is entirely a single-player campaign; no
  multiplayer is included or supported.
release: 2009-09-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - Dark Forces (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Star Wars - Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II (USA)/Star Wars - Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II (USA).json
developer: LucasArts
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action;Adventure;Shooter
description:
  Kyle Katarn, a former mercenary and now an ally of the rebels, discovers that he
  is in fact a Jedi, and is on a quest to find his lightsaber and learn the
  techniques of the Force. The evil Sith lord Jerec, who was responsible for the
  death of Kyle's father, is on a quest of his own, searching a mythical place
  called Valley of the Jedi, where his dark powers could be unleashed. Will Kyle
  be able to stop Jerec and become a true Jedi without falling to the dark side?
  .
  Star Wars: Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II is a sequel to Dark Forces. The game is
  set in the Star Wars universe and its events occur after those depicted in the
  movie Return of the Jedi (Episode VI). Primarily a first-person 3D shooter, the
  game also allows the player to switch to third-person perspective. Kyle can use
  blasters and rifles to take care of his enemies, and later in the game he will
  also be able to fight enemies with a lightsaber.
  .
  There are three kinds of Force powers Kyle may use in the game: light, dark and
  neutral. Light powers are mostly used for healing purposes; dark powers involve
  violent actions such as choking enemies or hurling objects at them; neutral
  powers enhance Kyle's speed and jumping ability. There are fourteen Force powers
  altogether; if the player chooses to develop only one type of powers throughout
  the game, a bonus power can be gained. Completing levels rewards the player with
  stars, which can be allocated to enhance the powers.
  .
  The game has a branching storyline with different endings, and the player's
  decisions can lead Kyle to the light as well as the dark side (for example,
  killing innocents will add "dark points" to Kyle's score). The game features
  video sequences with live actors as cutscenes.
release: 1997-10-09
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (USA)/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (USA).json
developer: BioWare
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Four thousand years before the events depicted in the Star Wars movies, the
  political and ideological situation is not much different from what we have seen
  in the prequel trilogy: the Republic and the Jedi Order are fighting against two
  powerful Sith lords, Darth Revan and his apprentice, Darth Malak. It is said
  that the former was successfully defeated by the Jedi, and that Darth Malak
  betrayed his mentor and is planning to take on the Republic by himself. His
  aggression is so successful that some Jedi have decided to join his ranks. A
  seemingly ordinary soldier of the Republic is traveling aboard a space ship that
  is attacked by Darth Malak's minions. Narrowly escaping, the soldier meets a
  female Jedi named Bastila, one of those who have fought Darth Revan in the
  decisive battle. With her help, the soldier must learn to become a Jedi, stop
  Darth Malak, and discover the truth about his or her own past.
  .
  Knights of the Old Republic is a role-playing game that uses the Star Wars D20
  rule system, which is similar to the 3rd Edition of Dungeons & Dragons.
  Character development and combat are handled similarly to BioWare's previous
  RPGs such as Baldur's Gate series. Combat engine follows similar "real-time with
  pause" rules. There are only three active combatants on the player's side (as
  opposed to six in Baldur's Gate). Several characters join the party and can be
  switched at the player's will.
  .
  Eventually, the protagonist will have to train at the Jedi academy to earn a
  lightsaber and force moves. Force powers include stun, force pull (which pulls
  opponents or objects toward the player-controlled character), the Jedi Mind
  Trick, which persuades people to see things the player's way, and many others.
  The player has various weapons at his or her disposal, from the lightsaber to
  blasters, grenades, ion rifles, etc.
  .
  Throughout the game, the player will visit many Star Wars locations that
  appeared in the movies, such as Kashyyyk, the homeworld of the Wookiees, the
  desert planet of Tatooine, and others. Interacting with characters in various
  ways and performing side quests influences the protagonist's stand with the
  forces of Light and Darkness. The player can turn the main character into a
  flawless Jedi, a ruthless Sith, or anything in between. Some of the player's
  choices influence major events that occur within the storyline.
release: 2003-11-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords (USA)/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords (USA).json
developer: Obsidian
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Five years after the events depicted in Knights of the Old Republic, the Sith
  have become stronger and more determined to rule the Galaxy. The Jedi Order is
  nearly exterminated. A mysterious ex-Jedi has been exiled from the Order and is
  traveling alone. This Jedi had served under Darth Revan (when the latter was
  still on the Light side of the Force) during the Mandalorian Wars, but due to
  enigmatic circumstances was forced to retire. Now the past is catching up with
  the Jedi, and soon he or she will have to choose the side to fight on.
  .
  The Sith Lords looks and plays very similarly to its predecessor, also being
  based on the Star Wars d20 role-playing rule set (which, in its turn, is similar
  to the 3rd Edition of Dungeons & Dragons) and having the same combat engine,
  character development, and a Light and Dark ethical system, which judges the
  player's decisions and actions and influences story events and characters'
  responses. Additions to the gameplay include a lightsaber-crafting system, which
  allows augmenting lightsabers with various items, new Force powers, and the
  possibility to influence the alignments of the characters in the
  player-controlled party through conversation choices and other decisions. Most
  of the exploration and the combat sequences is done using a party of three,
  including the protagonist and two companions. However, certain parts of the game
  will force the player to travel alone, or to control a party made exclusively
  out of companions.
  .
  A large part of the military equipment can be upgraded using any workbench that
  can be found throughout the game world, including one available at all times on
  the ship that the player uses to travel between planetary systems. Different
  types of items have more than one piece that can be augmented. For example, the
  armor has two slots for upgrades (overlay and underlay), while ranged weapons
  have three (targeting, firing chamber, and power pack), and lightsabers have
  six. The easiest way to get additional upgrades is to either buy them or loot
  them, however they can be created as well at a workbench with the right
  components and enough repair skill. Medical items are a different sort and they
  can be crafted using lab stations.
  .
  At various moments during the game, the player has the opportunity to play some
  mini games: a card game called Pazaak, shooting targets using a turret from a
  first-person view, and swoop racing.
release: 2005-02-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - X-Wing Alliance (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Star Wars - X-Wing Alliance (USA)/Star Wars - X-Wing Alliance (USA).json
developer: Totally Games
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Flight Simulator
description:
  The game's prologue (and tutorial) concerns Ace's "family missions" in which his
  elder family members and Emkay instruct him in the flying of Corellian
  transports so that he can begin working for the family.
  .
  These missions reveal that the Azzameen family are in heated competition with
  the Viraxo and are generally sympathetic to the Rebel Alliance. Due to their
  sympathies, the patriarch of the family, Tomaas Azzameen, smuggles bacta for the
  Alliance in the aftermath of the Battle of Hoth. This causes them to pay dearly
  as the Galactic Empire raids their home station for running bacta to an Alliance
  outpost. The family subsequently seeks asylum with a Rebel task force.
  .
  As a Rebel pilot, Ace participates in a variety of missions for the Rebellion
  while also helping his family fight the Viraxo. During his tour with the Rebel
  Alliance, he proves himself to be a significant pilot as he participates in
  missions that uncover new Imperial projects, such as experimental TIE fighters
  and the second Death Star.
release: 1999-02-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - X-Wing Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - X-Wing Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - X-Wing Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - X-Wing Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - X-Wing Alliance (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: StarCraft & Brood War (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/StarCraft & Brood War (USA)/StarCraft & Brood War (USA).json
developer: Blizzard Entertainment
publisher: Blizzard Entertainment
genre: Strategy
description:
  Set in the 26th century, the game revolves around three species fighting for
  dominance in a distant part of the Milky Way galaxy: the Terrans, humans exiled
  from Earth skilled at adapting to any situation; the Zerg, a race of insectoids
  in pursuit of genetic perfection obsessed with assimilating other races; and the
  Protoss, a humanoid species with advanced technology and psionic abilities
  attempting to preserve their civilization and strict philosophical way of living
  from the Zerg.
release: 1998-03-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/StarCraft & Brood War (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/StarCraft & Brood War (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/StarCraft & Brood War (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/StarCraft & Brood War (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/StarCraft & Brood War (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Starsiege (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Starsiege (USA)/Starsiege (USA).json
developer: Dynamix
publisher: Dynamix
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Prometheus, father of all Cybrids, instigator of the first two Earthsieges, is
  still out there somewhere. The Dark Intellect has learned, and it is hiding in
  the outer edges of the Solar System, learning, observing, and waiting for the
  perfect moment to strike. Meanwhile, the Human Empire is tearing itself apart.
  The decree by Emperor Petresun, the original creator of Prometheus, to defend
  Earth first, while practical, does not sit well with the colonists of other
  planets, who remember how helpless they were during the previous Earthsieges,
  and how Earth never sent any help until it was too late. When the brutal
  crackdown began, the Martian Resistance has formed. Prometheus found his chance
  to strike when the Emperor ordered his Imperial Knights to attack the Martian
  Resistance, and the Starsiege has begun...
release: 1999-03-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Starsiege (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Starsiege (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Starsiege (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Starsiege (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Starsiege (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Starsiege - Tribes (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Starsiege - Tribes (USA)/Starsiege - Tribes (USA).json
developer: Dynamix
publisher: Sierra
genre: Shooter
description:
  Tribes 2 is the sequel to Starsiege: Tribes. Like its predecessor, it is a
  team-based first-person-shooter designed primarily for online multiplay. While
  getting kills certainly helps, the player must also achieve the various
  objectives specified in the scenario, ranging from attack-and-hold objective, to
  assaults on enemy fortresses, taking enemy flags, and more. Each member must
  weigh the trade-off between firepower and protection, as well how much ammo to
  carry. Tribes 2 adds vehicles to the mix, as well as a new race, and larger
  maps.
  .
  Weapons vary from the sniper laser rifle to chain guns to grenade launchers to
  the massive mortar. Tribes 2 adds three brand new weapons, including melee shock
  lance, missile launcher (used against the new air vehicles), and ELF gun (drains
  energy from target). This had one of the finest in game friend and foe systems
  and was open to lots of minor mods that could be used to improve the experience
  as long as it didn't impact the basics of play it was allowed. Because of this
  it had a play system that has arguably never been bested in the genre.
release: 2001-03-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Starsiege - Tribes (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Starsiege - Tribes (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Starsiege - Tribes (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Starsiege - Tribes (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Starsiege - Tribes (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Starsiege Universe (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Starsiege Universe (USA)/Starsiege Universe (USA).json
developer: Sierra
publisher: Sierra
genre: Compilation
description:
  Includes two games: Starsiege & Starsiege Tribes.
release: 2007-01-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Starsiege Universe (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Starsiege Universe (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Starsiege Universe (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Starsiege Universe (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Starsiege Universe (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: SteamWorld Dig - A Fistful of Dirt (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/SteamWorld Dig - A Fistful of Dirt (USA)/SteamWorld Dig - A Fistful of Dirt (USA).json
developer: Image & Form
publisher: Image & Form
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  The protagonist Rusty is a robot who inherits a mine from his uncle. Since he
  additionally also received a pick-axe, the path is clearly laid out: exploring
  the mine and becoming rich! While the game starts with a Wild West atmosphere,
  later parts of the mine show steampunk elements.
  .
  Rusty can explore the mine by hacking away dirt with the pick-axe. The goal is
  to find treasure and additional equipment which is required to be able to
  proceed in other areas, e.g. a drill allows to break stone. However, those
  gadgets require water which can be refilled at water reserves which can be found
  in the mine. Other obstacles are traps, enemies, switch puzzles and platforming
  sequences. It is also advised to watch for rocks - when Rusty removes dirt under
  them, gravity comes into play.
  .
  The found precious metals or gems have to be sold on the surface - fortunately
  there are teleporter and elevators which shorten the way - for money which in
  turn is used to buy upgrades (e.g. more health points or a bigger capacity for
  carrying treasure) or equipment (e.g. dynamite for killing enemies, ladders or
  lanterns). Some upgrades additionally cost energy balls which can be found
  inside the mine. After dying, the people on the surface repair Rusty against a
  fee.
release: 2013-12-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SteamWorld Dig - A Fistful of Dirt (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SteamWorld Dig - A Fistful of Dirt (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/SteamWorld Dig - A Fistful of Dirt (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SteamWorld Dig - A Fistful of Dirt (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/SteamWorld Dig - A Fistful of Dirt (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Stories - The Path of Destinies (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Stories - The Path of Destinies (USA)/Stories - The Path of Destinies (USA).json
developer: Spearhead Games
publisher: Spearhead Games
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Stories: The Path of Destinies in an action RPG told as a fable. The roguish fox
  pirate Reynardo once plundered the Floating Isles of Boreas, but then swore to
  his mother his rover days were over. Over time the emperor that rules the lands
  changed, however, participating in strange rituals and working with Imperial
  Ravens who round up entire villages. So Reynardo returns, assisting the rebels
  to overthrow the emperor and his Ravens.
  .
  This game takes a different approach to tell its story. A single game consists
  of five levels and at the end of the first four a choice needs to be made.
  Reynardo can chase after a mighty weapon called the Skyripper, be lured by the
  Iblis stone, hunt after his lover-turned-enemy Zenobia, seek scientists, assist
  the rebels, rescue his friend Lapino and so on. The combination of the four
  choices leads to 19 unique stories with different story sequences. When one is
  completed, a card is added to a board with an overview of the choices, a
  summary, and the type of hero Reynardo has become. That means the game is meant
  to be played many times to experience different endings. At the same time,
  however, truths can be learned while playing. Truths make sure the consequences
  of actions are remembered in future playthroughs, signaled through icons, and
  this changes the dialogue, story events and possible choices. A single game is
  'completed' when four truths are combined, leading to different endings. After a
  while an optional 'truth seeker' option is unlocked to find the untrodden paths.
  .
  Supporting both direct control and point-and-select, Reynardo is steered through
  five levels based on ten available themes for each run. Not only is each level
  slightly different for each sessions, a Metroidvania aspect is also incorporated
  in the level design. Reynardo can collect up to four different swords that are
  used to open specific doors. Sometimes there are also branching paths, secrets,
  different teleport options and parts that were once locked are suddenly
  available. Reynardo needs to fight enemies using a combo and counter system. As
  he earns more experience and goes through different stories, a skill tree with
  up to four levels is available as skill points can be spent at altars on seven
  categories: combat, combo, dash, hook, stats (x2), and time.
  .
  Regular and epic chests can be looted for ore and other materials to craft and
  upgrade four swords (Firestorm, Hero Sword, Void Blade and Winterthorne), at
  workbenches. Each sword has a different fighting style and can be swapped on the
  fly. Each sword also has a unique fighting style based on fire, ice etc. tied to
  an energy meter. Certain parts in the environment can be destroyed for health,
  ore and energy. While fighting there are often multiple enemies, using spells,
  shields and so on. Reynardo can also use a dash move and a hook to bring enemies
  closer. The hook is also used while exploring to cross gaps. Certain levels have
  small puzzle elements based on levers, avoiding projectiles and stealth to
  defeat floating eyes. When dead, there is an unlimited amount of continues and
  checkpoints are set automatically.
  .
  Finally, the combat and playing style can be customized through gems. When these
  are found they can be equipped at workbenches in one of the three slots to
  provide additional resistance, faster speed, the ability to break shields etc.
  Gems have different levels that are upgraded when a second one of the same type
  is found. While certain environments are revisited multiple times in different
  configurations for the stories, the progression for items and enemy difficulty
  is tied to the overall progress.
release: 2016-04-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Stories - The Path of Destinies (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Stories - The Path of Destinies (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Stories - The Path of Destinies (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Stories - The Path of Destinies (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Stories - The Path of Destinies (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Street Fighter & Mega Man Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Street Fighter & Mega Man Collection (USA)/Street Fighter & Mega Man Collection (USA).json
developer: Rozner Labs
publisher: Hi Tech Expressions / Capcom
genre: Platformer;Fighting
description:
  Developed by Hi Tech for Capcom, CD version of Street Fighter II and Street
  Fighter, also includes their versions of Mega Man and Mega Man 3, all
  previously distributed on floppy.
release: 1994-08-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Street Fighter & Mega Man Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Street Fighter & Mega Man Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Street Fighter & Mega Man Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Street Fighter & Mega Man Collection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Street Fighter & Mega Man Collection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Street Fighter 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Street Fighter 2 (USA)/Street Fighter 2 (USA).json
developer: Rozner Labs
publisher: Hi Tech Expressions / Capcom
genre: Fighting
description:
  The monster has been released! STREET FIGHTER II brings the world's best
  street fighters together to find the undisputed champion. The time has come
  for you to flex those biceps and stand strong against the onslaught from
  the competition. Have you got what it takes to become the ultimate world
  warrior? Featuring gargantuan sprites and stunning fights, this is the
  game that machines were made for!
release: 1991-03-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Street Fighter 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Street Fighter 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Street Fighter 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Street Fighter 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Street Fighter 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Street Fighter X Mega Man (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Street Fighter X Mega Man (USA)/Street Fighter X Mega Man (USA).json
developer: Seow Zong Hui
publisher: Capcom
genre: Fighting
description:
  Having fought countless robot masters over the years, Mega Man is ready to
  lay back, relax and enjoy his 25th Anniversary. Getting wind of this,
  Ryu and his fellow Street Fighters want one last battle before they let
  their own anniversary finish. Charge up your mega busters and stretch out
  your lightning legs, this is Street Fighter X Mega Man!
  .
  A true collaboration between Capcom and its fans for Mega Man's and Street
  Fighter's 25th Anniversary, Street Fighter X Mega Man was created and
  developed by Singapore native Seow Zong Hui (aka "Sonic"), with an original
  soundtrack by Luke Esquivel (aka "A_Rival") and with support provided by
  Capcom. Street Fighter X Mega Man stars the Blue Bomber as he goes
  toe-to-toe with some of Street Fighter's most beloved characters complete
  with their own individual themed stages and boss battles. Jump, shoot, and
  use your special new Street Fighter abilities to defeat your foes and
  become the world's strongest robot!
release: 2012-12-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Street Fighter X Mega Man (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Street Fighter X Mega Man (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Street Fighter X Mega Man (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Street Fighter X Mega Man (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Street Fighter X Mega Man (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Stronghold Collection, The (USA) (Stronghold, Stronghold 2, Crusader, Legends)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Stronghold Collection, The (USA) (Stronghold, Stronghold 2, Crusader, Legends)/Stronghold Collection, The (USA) (Stronghold, Stronghold 2, Crusader, Legends).json
developer: Take-Two Interactive
publisher: Take-Two Interactive
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  Stronghold - The original, award-winning castle sim that takes players through
  medieval Britain as they lead strategic military and economic expansion, defend
  against invaders, and conquer enemy castles.\n
  Stronghold 2 - The King, having fled after the defeat of his own armies, is now
  attempting to rule his country from a secret location. Powerful barons are
  jostling for what is fast becoming a disintegrating kingdom, and it is up to you
  to stem the tides of their ambition and unite the land again under the King.\n
  Stronghold Crusader and Stronghold Crusader Extreme - Journey to distant Arabian
  lands and lead a determined group of Crusaders. Relive the historic Crusades in
  four campaigns as Richard the Lionheart and Saladin, the Sultan of Syria.
  Stronghold Crusader Extreme adds 20 new missions, new buildings and larger
  armies of 10,000 troops.\n
  Stronghold Legends - Play as epic leaders throughout history, including King
  Arthur and the forces of Camelot, Siegfried and Dietrich in the German Ice
  Campaign, and Vlad Dracul and his evil forces in Transylvania.
release: 2009-11-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Stronghold Collection, The (USA) (Stronghold, Stronghold 2, Crusader, Legends).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Stronghold Collection, The (USA) (Stronghold, Stronghold 2, Crusader, Legends).jpg
assets.background: Background/Stronghold Collection, The (USA) (Stronghold, Stronghold 2, Crusader, Legends).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Stronghold Collection, The (USA) (Stronghold, Stronghold 2, Crusader, Legends).jpg
assets.video: Video/Stronghold Collection, The (USA) (Stronghold, Stronghold 2, Crusader, Legends).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Stunt Driver (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Stunt Driver (USA)/Stunt Driver (USA).json
developer: Sphere
publisher: Spectrum Holobyte
genre: Racing;Arcade;Automobile
description:
  Stunt Driver is a polygonal racing game released for MS-DOS in 1990. It has a
  feature set similar to Brderbund's Stunts published the same year, including a
  track editor, and both games have much in common with Hard Drivin', the Atari
  Games 3D stunt driving simulator released in February 1989.
  .
  Stunt Driver allows the user to create a racetrack from components such as draw-
  bridges, banked curves, oil slicks, water hazards, and loops, then race on them
  alone, against computer-controlled opponents, or against another user via a
  modem or null-modem connection. It allows viewing and editing of replays using
  different cameras, another feature shared with Stunts.
release: 1990
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Stunt Driver (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Stunt Driver (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Stunt Driver (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Stunt Driver (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Stunt Driver (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Win The Game (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/Super Win The Game (USA)/Super Win The Game (USA).json
developer: Minor Key Games, LLC.
publisher: IndieBox, Inc.
genre: Platform
description:
  Super Win the Game is the successor to the freeware game You Have to Win the
  Game. Like the first part the game is a puzzle platformer, this time resembling
  the visual style of a classical NES game.
  .
  Again you play as a nameless hero called the Wayfarer. To win the game you will
  have to collect six fragments of the king's heart, who has been cursed by the
  Evil Wizard. As the player does not have any weapons he has to avoid any
  obstacles or enemies. Due to this and the high difficulty level with potentially
  lots of deaths of the player's character the gameplay may be compared with
  VVVVVV or l'Abbaye des Morts. However small bells numerously spread in the game
  world act as a checkpoints, so the game can be immediately resumed from there
  after dying.
  .
  Apart from the color upgrade the most prominent change to it's predecessor is
  the addition of an overworld map similar to the one found in Zelda II.
  Navigation is done on that map, but when entering a village or dungeon the
  perspective will switch to the platform view as discussed above.
  .
  Like in the first part the game can simulate a CRT screen, resembling a broad
  range of visual side effects like Persistence (causing motion blur), NTSC
  Scanlines or Bleeding as seen on many old TVs. Or (exclusive to the boxed
  version) you may switch on Anaglyph output for 3D effects with red-cyan glasses.
release: 2014-10-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Win The Game (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Win The Game (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Win The Game (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Win The Game (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Win The Game (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: System Shock - Enhanced Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/S/System Shock - Enhanced Edition (USA)/System Shock - Enhanced Edition (USA).json
developer: Looking Glass Studios
publisher: Nightdive Studios
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  A first-person fight to the death in the depths of space.
  .
  You're a renowned hacker, the most notorious cyberspace thief in the corporate
  world. Caught during a risky break-in, you become indentured to Diego, a greedy
  Trioptium exec who bankrolls a rare cyberjack implant operation. After six
  months in a healing coma, you awaken to the twisted aftermath of a terrible
  disaster. Where are the surgeons? Why is the station in such disrepair? Slowly,
  the chilling realization that something is very wrong creeps over you.
  .
  Once a prime corporate research facility, Citadel now teems with mindless
  cyborgs, robots and terribly mutated beings, all programmed to serve SHODAN, a
  ruthless A.I. There's scarcely time to think before it unleashes the first
  terror...
  .
  Twenty one years after its first release, System Shock is back!
  .
  The Enhanced Edition adds a modern touch to this true classic gem, without
  taking anything from its unmistakable atmosphere.
  .
  See for yourself that the game that has been called the benchmark for
  intelligent first-person gaming, has lost nothing of its ability to keep you on
  the edge of your seat.
  .
  System Shock: Enhanced Edition features:
  .
  Higher resolution support: up to 1024x768, and 854x480 widescreen mode.
  .
  Mouselook support added.
  .
  Remappable keys with three profiles to choose from: original controls, custom
  controls, and lefthanded controls.
  .
  Some original game bugs fixed.
  .
  Gameplay features:
  .
  Rocket through cyberspace to steal information, hack security and grapple with
  watchdog defense programs enslaved to a maniacal computer.
  .
  Survive battle after battle against armies of killer cyborgs and deadly robots
  as you collect hardware attachments, life-sustaining patches and deadly weapons
  to combat mindless mutants.
  .
  Test your intelligence by solving puzzles, rewiring access panels and outwitting
  SHODAN in its own cyber-realm.
  .
  Enjoy the vastly improved controls and graphics of the Enhanced Edition - or
  keep your experience as close to the original as possible with the Classic
  version.
release: 2015-09-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/System Shock - Enhanced Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/System Shock - Enhanced Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/System Shock - Enhanced Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/System Shock - Enhanced Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/System Shock - Enhanced Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tennis Titans (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Tennis Titans (USA)/Tennis Titans (USA).json
developer: Skunk Studios
publisher: GameHouse
genre: Sports;Individual;Tennis
description:
  Tennis Titans is a 3D tennis game that appeals to novices and masters alike.
  In Tennis Titans, players meet seven colorful characters and can compete in
  two distinct game modes: Traditional "Classic" Tennis or Arcade-Style "Rings"
  Mode. Using a familiar break-out game control, Tennis Titans comes with a
  step-by-step tutorial for first-time players, as well as challenging game
  matches for tennis pros. It's extremely simple to play for players of all
  levels!
release: 2009-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tennis Titans (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tennis Titans (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tennis Titans (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tennis Titans (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Tetris Worlds (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Tetris Worlds (USA)/Tetris Worlds (USA).json
developer: Blue Planet Software
publisher: THQ
genre: Puzzle
description:
  For over a decade, the Tetris series has made an appearance on every game
  system. Tetris Worlds continues that streak, bringing their distinct brand of
  simple, yet addictive gameplay to the current generation of systems. Small
  shapes called Tetraminoes fall from the top of the screen to the bottom and you
  must rotate them and fit them together to complete lines. The game features six
  different variations of the classic Tetris, multiplayer mode for up to four
  players, and six different worlds. Sound easy? Once you start, you can't stop.
release: 2001-11-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tetris Worlds (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tetris Worlds (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tetris Worlds (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tetris Worlds (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tetris Worlds (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Thomas Was Alone (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Thomas Was Alone (USA)/Thomas Was Alone (USA).json
developer: Mike Bithell
publisher: Mike Bithell
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Thomas Was Alone is an indie puzzle platformer video game created by Mike
  Bithell, originally released as a Flash-based browser game in October 2010. The
  game was expanded and released to Microsoft Windows and OS X systems in July
  2012. PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita versions with new content were released
  in April 2013, while a Linux version was released as part of the game's
  inclusion in a Humble Bundle in May 2013. The game was released for iPad devices
  in May 2014, and for other iOS devices and Android devices in July 2014. The
  game was also released on Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and Wii U in November 2014.[1]
  .
  In the game, the player controls one or more simple polygon shapes representing
  several out-of-control artificial intelligence entities, working with the shapes
  to get each to their individual end points on each level. Each shape is
  characterized with a unique name and personality, including the eponymous
  Thomas, which are conveyed to the player through the use of a narrator, voiced
  by Danny Wallace and whose performance earned the game a BAFTA Games Award.
release: 2012-06-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Thomas Was Alone (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Thomas Was Alone (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Thomas Was Alone (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Thomas Was Alone (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Thomas Was Alone (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Torchlight (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Torchlight (USA)/Torchlight (USA).json
developer: Runic Games
publisher: Runic Games
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  In the fantasy world that serves as the setting of Torchlight, Ember is a
  mysterious ore which has the power to imbue people and items with magical power.
  The mining boomtown called Torchlight is built above a rich vein of Ember, and
  adventurers are drawn there seeking the magical substance and the enchanted
  items it creates. However, as the player character explores the dungeons below
  Torchlight, they discover that Ember has a corrupting influence which led to the
  fall of past civilizations and endangers those who use it in the present.
release: 2010-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Torchlight (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Torchlight (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Torchlight (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Torchlight (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Torchlight (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Torchlight II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Torchlight II (USA)/Torchlight II (USA).json
developer: Runic Games
publisher: Runic Games
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  After the events of the first game, Alchemist, one of the three main classes, is
  corrupted by the Emberblight from the heart of Ordrak, the main source of
  corruption beneath the town of Torchlight. Now he is on a rampage for taking the
  power of guardians and breaking the balance of elements. New heroes arrive to
  rise up against his madness with the help of the destroyer and the vanquisher,
  other two playable characters from the first game.
  .
  Many elements from the original hack-and-slash RPG Torchlight (fishing, pets,
  etc) make a return in the sequel, including the randomly generated dungeons.
  There are more classes, pets and weapon types and the locations to visit are
  more varied. There are now snowy areas, deserts, forests etc. Instead of the
  dungeon descending structure of the original game, the sequel has large
  above-ground environments with hub towns and each one has a couple of separate
  dungeons that consist of one floor or multiple ones. Unlike the first game
  multiplayer is now supported through cooperative sessions for up to six players,
  both locally and online. There are three acts and an epilogue.
  .
  Other new elements are time of day cycles, an updated interface design, and
  various weather effects. The character appearance can be fully customized based
  on various attributes.
release: 2012-09-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Torchlight II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Torchlight II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Torchlight II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Torchlight II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Torchlight II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Tribes - Vengeance (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Tribes - Vengeance (USA)/Tribes - Vengeance (USA).json
developer: Irrational Games
publisher: VU Games
genre: Shooter
description:
  Set hundreds of years before the events of Starsiege: Tribes, Vengeance depicts
  the birth of the growing Tribal War. It focuses on the events surrounding five
  different characters over the course of two generations and how they each
  contribute to the developing war. The story ("The Past") begins with a Phoenix
  sub-clan leader named Daniel abducting the soon to be Queen, Princess Victoria.
  He takes her to his home world to show her the injustices done to his people and
  the two eventually fall in love. During this time, a cybrid assassin named
  Mercury is hired by an unknown contractor to eliminate Daniel, but the contract
  is canceled moments before the shot is fired. Eventually, Victoria and Daniel
  try to make amends between the Imperials and the Phoenix, but it all ends
  disastrously when the Phoenix's enemies, the Blood Eagle tribe, stage a raid on
  a Phoenix base disguised as Imperial troops. In rage, Daniel kills the Imperial
  King, Tiberius, whom Victoria avenges by killing Daniel. It turns out that
  Victoria was pregnant with Daniel's child, who was born female under the name
  Julia soon afterwards.
release: 2004-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tribes - Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tribes - Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tribes - Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tribes - Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tribes - Vengeance (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tribes 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Tribes 2 (USA)/Tribes 2 (USA).json
developer: Dynamix
publisher: Sierra Entertainment
genre: Action;Shooter;First-Person;Arcade
description:
  TEAM COMBAT ON AN EPIC SCALE! STAND ALONE AND YOU SHALL DIE!
  .
  DATE: 3941 A.D.
  .
  The Tribes of Man face a new threat: The BioDerm Horde. Genetically engineered
  as a slave race, The Horde is driving toward the heart of the Empire in an
  explosive frenzy of rage and violence. Humanity must perish...
  .
  There is only one way to survive and win: TEAM PLAY! Fight alongside your
  brethren and you may live. Featuring a completely new graphics engine. Tribes 2
  delivers fast-paced, unparalleled team-play online, across vast, breath-taking
  worlds. Alternatively, brush up on your skill, offline, with the immersive
  single-player campaign.
release: 2001-03-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tribes 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tribes 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tribes 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tribes 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tribes 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tux Racer (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Tux Racer (USA)/Tux Racer (USA).json
developer: Sunspire Studios
publisher: Sunspire Studios
genre: Racing
description:
  Tux Racer is a 2000 open-source winter sports racing video game starring the
  Linux mascot, Tux the penguin. It was originally developed by Jasmin Patry as
  a computer graphics project at the University of Waterloo. Later on, Patry
  and the newly founded Sunspire Studios, composed of several former students
  of the university, expanded it. In the game, the player controls Tux as he
  slides down a course of snow and ice collecting herring.
  .
  Tux Racer was officially downloaded over one million times as of 2001. It
  also was well received, often being acclaimed for the graphics, fast-paced
  gameplay, and replayability, and was a fan favorite among Linux users and
  the free software community. The game's popularity secured the development
  of a commercialized release that included enhanced graphics and multiplayer,
  and it also became the first GPL-licensed game to receive an arcade
  adaptation. It is the only product that Sunspire Studios developed and
  released, after which the company liquidated. The free game's source code
  has led to it receiving forks, made by fans continuing its development.
release: 2007-09-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tux Racer (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tux Racer (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tux Racer (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tux Racer (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tux Racer (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Typoman - Revised (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/T/Typoman - Revised (USA)/Typoman - Revised (USA).json
developer: Brainseed Factory
publisher: Brainseed Factory
genre: Adventure;Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Slip into the role of an unusual HERO and find the last letter to restore hope
  in a merciless world.
release: 2016-08-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Typoman - Revised (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Typoman - Revised (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Typoman - Revised (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Typoman - Revised (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Typoman - Revised (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ultima Collection (USA) (Ultima I - Ultima VIII)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/U/Ultima Collection (USA) (Ultima I - Ultima VIII)/Ultima Collection (USA) (Ultima I - Ultima VIII).json
developer: Electronic Arts
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  The worlds of Ultima await you in this special collection of 10 games designed
  by Richard Garriott, also known as Lord British, the creator of the Ultimate
  series.
  .
  The Ultima Collection Includes:
  .
  Utima I: The First Age of Darkness
  .
  Ultima II: The Revenge of the Enchantress
  .
  Utima III: Exodus
  .
  Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar
  .
  Utima V: Warriors of Destiny
  .
  Ultima VI: The False Prophet
  .
  Ultima VII: The Black Gate
  .
  Ultima VII Part 2: Serpent Isle
  .
  Ultima VIII: Pagan
  .
  Akalabeth
  .
  * Bonus Software: Akalabeth.
  .
  The first game Richard Garriott ever designed.
  .
  Akalabeth became the catalyst that spawned 17 years of Ultima fantasy Role-
  Playing tradition.
  .
  * Ultima Atlas
  .
  This 16 page atlas is a complete compilation of the navigational maps originally
  packaged with each Ultima game.
  .
  * Exclusive Interviews.
  .
  These revealing never-before-seen interviews with Lord British, Richard
  Garriott's alter ego, offer a perspective on the Ultima series and a first look
  into the next game, Ultima: Ascension.
release: 1998-02-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ultima Collection (USA) (Ultima I - Ultima VIII).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ultima Collection (USA) (Ultima I - Ultima VIII).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ultima Collection (USA) (Ultima I - Ultima VIII).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ultima Collection (USA) (Ultima I - Ultima VIII).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ultima Collection (USA) (Ultima I - Ultima VIII).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ultimate RPG Archives, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/U/Ultimate RPG Archives, The (USA)/Ultimate RPG Archives, The (USA).json
developer: Scooter Software
publisher: Interplay
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  The Ultimate RPG Archives brings together the most impressive collection of
  award-winning computer role-playing games ever assembled in one box.
  .
  The biggest and most successful brands and developers in the RPG genre are all
  here. It's a die-hard RPG gamer's dream, a great place for RPG novices to begin,
  and a must-have for every gamer's collection!
release: 1998-01-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ultimate RPG Archives, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ultimate RPG Archives, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ultimate RPG Archives, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ultimate RPG Archives, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ultimate RPG Archives, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Unreal Anthology (USA) (Unreal, Unreal 2, UT, UT 2004)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/U/Unreal Anthology (USA) (Unreal, Unreal 2, UT, UT 2004)/Unreal Anthology (USA) (Unreal, Unreal 2, UT, UT 2004).json
developer: Various
publisher: Midway Games
genre: Shooter
description:
  10 years of the ultimate first-person shooter has been assembled into one must-
  have collection! Get 4 complete games and an expansion pack for $29.99,
  including Unreal, Return to Na Pali Expansion Pak, Unreal II, Unreal Tournament
  Game of the Year, and Unreal Tournament 2004 Editor's Choice Edition.
release: 2006-11-06
players: 32
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Unreal Anthology (USA) (Unreal, Unreal 2, UT, UT 2004).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Unreal Anthology (USA) (Unreal, Unreal 2, UT, UT 2004).jpg
assets.background: Background/Unreal Anthology (USA) (Unreal, Unreal 2, UT, UT 2004).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Unreal Anthology (USA) (Unreal, Unreal 2, UT, UT 2004).jpg
assets.video: Video/Unreal Anthology (USA) (Unreal, Unreal 2, UT, UT 2004).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Unreal Tournament 2004 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/U/Unreal Tournament 2004 (USA)/Unreal Tournament 2004 (USA).json
developer: Epic Games
publisher: Atari
genre: Shooter
description:
  Among significant changes to gameplay mechanics and visual presentation, one of
  the major additions introduced by Unreal Tournament 2004 is the inclusion of
  vehicles and the Onslaught game type, allowing for large-scale battles.
release: 2004-03-16
players: 32
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Unreal Tournament 2004 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Unreal Tournament 2004 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Unreal Tournament 2004 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Unreal Tournament 2004 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Unreal Tournament 2004 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Video Game Name Generator Competition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/V/Video Game Name Generator Competition (USA)/Video Game Name Generator Competition (USA).json
developer: TIGForums
publisher: TIGForums
genre: Miscellaneous
description:
  This is a TIGSource TIGER Assault Free Form Competition.
  .
  TIGER Assaults are short competitions based around a particular theme.  The
  emphasis is on collaboration, sharing, and, most of all, the completion of
  projects.  I.e., it's an exercise in making small, tight,
  enjoyable/interesting games that can be played from beginning to end. There
  are no prizes involved.
  .
  Any format goes!  But the game must at least run on Win32 platforms.  Sorry.
  .
  How do I make an entry for the competition?
  .
  1. First, open up the Video Game Name Generator.
  2. Next, find a name for the game that you want to make.
  (Peeing your pants out of mirth is recommended during this part.)
  3. Finally, MAKE THAT GAME.
  .
  Rules: Entries should be started and ended within the timeframe of the
  competition (feel free to put up your game threads and begin brainstorming
  earlier, though) and must be made for the competition only.  Collaborations
  are allowed and, in fact, are welcomed.  You may submit more than one game.
release: 2008-03-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Video Game Name Generator Competition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Video Game Name Generator Competition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Video Game Name Generator Competition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Video Game Name Generator Competition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Video Game Name Generator Competition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: War for the Overworld - Underlord Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/W/War for the Overworld - Underlord Edition (USA)/War for the Overworld - Underlord Edition (USA).json
developer: Subterranean Games
publisher: Subterranean Games
genre: Strategy;Real-Time;General
description:
  Tired of invading dungeons? It's time you build your own! War for the Overworld
  is a Dungeon Management Game that employs your favourite aspects of the RTS and
  God Game genres. Carve out your Dungeon and conquer the Overworld!
release: 2013-11-07
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/War for the Overworld - Underlord Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/War for the Overworld - Underlord Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/War for the Overworld - Underlord Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/War for the Overworld - Underlord Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/War for the Overworld - Underlord Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wasteland 2 - Director's Cut (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/W/Wasteland 2 - Director's Cut (USA)/Wasteland 2 - Director's Cut (USA).json
developer: inXile Entertainment
publisher: InXile Entertainment
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Wasteland 2 is the sequel to the 1988 title Wasteland. The game lets the player
  take control of a squad of rangers, in an attempt to explore the surrounding
  world, solve quests and defeat enemies.
  .
  Just like the original game it is a post-apocalyptic turn and party based RPG
  with tactical combat. The action takes place fifteen years after the end of the
  first Wasteland, kicking off with the player being tasked with finding out what
  happened to an experienced ranger who died in mysterious circumstances.
  Throughout the story, the player encounters enemies, quests, and different
  puzzles. The game lets players choose their own way to approach any situation
  they encounter, with skills, items and quests having an important impact on the
  surrounding world.
  .
  The party can consist of seven characters, up to four designed by the player
  with specific statistics, skills, opinions and traits, and three or more NPCs.
  The game puts a large emphasis on choice and consequence permanently affecting
  the characters and the game world.
  .
  Wasteland 2: Director's Cut is an enhanced version of Wasteland 2. For Xbox One
  and PS4 it is the first version of the game. For PC it is provided as a digital
  download for free to owners of the original version and it can also be bought
  separately. For GOG and Steam it does not replace the default version and it is
  available separately. Save files cannot be transferred.
  .
  The graphics have been overhauled and the game engine has been updated to Unity
  5. Improvements affect character models and environment art. There are also new
  visual effects for fire and explosions. Through Unity 5's physically-based
  rendering system, there are more realistic lighting conditions. The voice-overs
  are expanded with new voices. For the game mechanics a precision strike system
  is added to target individual body parts (head, torso, arms, legs) with negative
  status effects, similar to V.A.T.S. in Fallout games. There is a new perk system
  where a perk point is provided for every four character levels. The available
  perks depend on the character's skills. During character generation a quirk can
  be chosen, a specific personality trait that is permanent. There is rebalanced
  gameplay for weapon statistics, container locations, content scenes, merchant
  inventories, loot drops and more.
  .
  Changes during combat for enemy placement, numbers and cover positions have been
  implemented as well. There are new weapons in the game, found in hidden
  containers or carried by NPCs. The armour system is updated to make heavy armour
  conductive. This mainly affects the use of energy weapons as they do bonus
  damage against conductive armour and less damage against normal targets, instead
  of scaling the armour value. Along with the console release there is controller
  support for the PC versions.
release: 2015-10-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wasteland 2 - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wasteland 2 - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wasteland 2 - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wasteland 2 - Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wasteland 2 - Director's Cut (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wetrix (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/W/Wetrix (USA)/Wetrix (USA).json
developer: Zed Two Game Design Studio
publisher: Ocean Software Ltd.
genre: Puzzle
description:
  In Wetrix the player must build barriers on the arena to stop the water from
  leaking out. As time progresses, rain starts to fall onto the arena, so the
  player must try to keep the walls as high as possible to catch the water. Too
  much on the screen will start an earthquake. Ice blocks fall to freeze the
  water. Bombs drop, leaving holes in walls, and fireballs vaporize the water. The
  aim is to get as high a score as possible. There is a practice mode available,
  and the game can be played in multiplayer against a friend.
release: 1999-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wetrix (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wetrix (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wetrix (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wetrix (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wetrix (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Witchaven (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/W/Witchaven (USA)/Witchaven (USA).json
developer: Capstone Software
publisher: IntraCorp
genre: Action;Shooter;First-Person;Arcade
description:
  Descend into a dark and gruesome nightmare! You alone must face evil as you
  journey deep within the volcanic pit of the Island of Char, toward the mystical
  lair of Witchaven. Confront witches that have cast a shadow of evil spells
  shrouding you and your people in never-ending Darkness. Using your magic, might
  and mind, conquer demons and creatures that watch over the darkness. Use
  medieval weapons to destroy these creatures and return your people to the light.
  Dare to enter this 3-D hell... Dare to enter Witchaven!
release: 1995-09-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Witchaven (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Witchaven (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Witchaven (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Witchaven (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Witchaven (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Witchaven II - Blood Vengeance (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/W/Witchaven II - Blood Vengeance (USA)/Witchaven II - Blood Vengeance (USA).json
developer: Capstone Software
publisher: IntraCorp
genre: Action;Shooter;First-Person;Arcade
description:
  The witches have been destroyed in their lair on the Island of Char! Returning
  to your homeland, you are greeted with newborn hope, pride and great
  celebration. After the revelry, you awaken to a dawn filled with an eerie
  silence that looms in the still air. Your countrymen are gone!
  .
  .
  The great witch, Circa-Argoth has taken them to avenge the death of her sister.
  You have only yourself and your foolish meddling to blame. But, you are not
  meant to die... yet! Alone in the land that you have fought so fiercely to
  protect, you must gather your strength and use your anger to fight for Blood
  Vengeance.
release: 1996
players: 8
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Witchaven II - Blood Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Witchaven II - Blood Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Witchaven II - Blood Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Witchaven II - Blood Vengeance (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Witchaven II - Blood Vengeance (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: World of Goo (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/W/World of Goo (USA)/World of Goo (USA).json
developer: 2D Boy
publisher: 2D Boy
genre: Puzzle;Strategy
description:
  The game is built around the idea of creating large structures using balls of
  goo. The game is divided into five chapters, each containing several levels.
  Each level has its own graphic and musical theme, giving it unique atmosphere,
  similar in style to Tim Burton's film designs. There is also a bonus meta-game
  called World of Goo Corporation, where the objective is to build the highest
  tower using goo balls which the player collected through the course of the game.
  Players from all over the world can compete, as the height of the tower and
  number of goo balls used are being constantly uploaded to the 2D Boy server.
release: 2008-11-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/World of Goo (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/World of Goo (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/World of Goo (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/World of Goo (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/World of Goo (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Z - The Game (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Disc/Z/Z - The Game (USA)/Z - The Game (USA).json
developer: Tic Toc Games
publisher: KISS ltd
genre: Strategy
description:
  Z is a real-time strategy game in which you fight for control of the sectors,
  some of which contains manufactories that can gain you additional units. Touch
  the "flag" in the sector and it's yours. Capture the sector before the new unit
  comes out of the manufactory and the new unit is yours. With six different
  robots (different armaments, armor, and speed), multiple vehicles (from jeeps to
  tanks) the robots can utilize, your ultimate objective is to destroy the
  opponent's base, and prevent him from doing the same to you.
  .
  The game differs from many other RTSs by emphasizing territorial control (and
  the manufactories) instead of getting kills and gathering a big army. You have
  to finely balance defense and offense. If you wait too long, the enemy will grab
  all the manufactories first. If you go too fast, you'll get hammered for
  stretching yourself too thin. You can hijack enemy vehicles by shooting the
  driver off. If you send a group of soldiers toward an objective and they find a
  vehicle, one of them will split off to grab the vehicle; you don't really need
  to micromanage each soldier.
release: 2014-07-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Z - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Z - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Z - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Z - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Z - The Game (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


