collection: Nintendo DS
launch: {env.JOYMELLOW_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Nintendo DS" {file.path}


game: America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA)/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA).json
developer: Indies Zero
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  What's for dinner? Just tap the touch screen to reveal dozens of possibilities,
  then gather a team of friends or family members to help prepare it. 300 recipes
  have been tested and perfected by the three dozen test cooks at America's Test
  Kitchen, a 2,500-square foot kitchen that is home to Cook's Illustrated and
  Cook's Country magazines as well as the popular America's Test Kitchen public
  television show. Now their culinary expertise promises to give everyone the
  tools and knowhow to prepare spectacular meals - together.
release: 2010-03-28
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1)/Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  Cross over to a brand new world!
  .
  Much of the cast of the original Animal Crossing returns, including animals of
  all shapes and personality types: K.K. Slider, Tom Nook, Blathers, Mr. Resetti
  and more. There are also a number of new characters.
  .
  Players move into village, buy a small house and then do whatever they want.
  Time and seasons pass as they do in the real world, so there will always be
  something unpredictable happening. Collect or buy items, talk to neighbors, go
  fishing, catch bugs, dig up treasure or hang out with human friends.
release: 2005-11-23
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced)/Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).json
developer: Headstrong Games
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Life Simulation;Education
description:
  Enjoy a fun, portable art tutor on your Nintendo DS™.
  .
  Have you ever had an interest in art or wanted to learn how to draw and paint?
  Well now you can with the Art Academy™ software for the Nintendo DS™ system. Art
  Academy is a fun, interactive, and portable training software that will teach
  you how to draw and paint, much as you would learn in an art class.
  .
  Art Academy offers simple, easy to understand art lessons that you can take at
  your own pace. You even have the ability to fast forward or rewind a step if you
  would like to view it again. Vince is your in-game art tutor and he will guide
  you through each new lesson, gradually introducing new concepts to you. Each new
  lesson builds upon concepts that you learned in previous lessons, complete with
  step by step examples.
  .
  So what are you waiting for? There is no time like the present to start learning
  how to draw and paint with Art Academy.
release: 2010-10-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).jpg
assets.background: Background/Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).jpg
assets.video: Video/Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Blue Dragon Plus (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Blue Dragon Plus (USA)/Blue Dragon Plus (USA).json
developer: Ignition Entertainment
publisher: Feel Plus
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Unleash The Power Within!
  .
  One year has passed since Shu and his companions defeated the tyrannical remnant
  of the Ancients, Nene. In the midst of the battle, the world split in two and
  now consists of a myriad of “cubes” that exploded from its depths. In one of
  these cubes, King Jibral stands on the balcony of Neo Jibral Castle and surveys
  the scene before him.\n
  He notices a mysterious cube in the distance suddenly start to move violently,
  and from it he sees the Shadow of a Balaur, a three-headed dragon, emerge. The
  enormous and sinister Shadow is just the beginning of the new turmoil and
  devastation to come.
  .
  Features:\n
  • Single Player Campaign With Over 30 Hours of Game Play\n
  • Control up to 16 humans and Mecha Robos to fight against a horde of enemies\n
  • Equip your units with items and alter their composition to bolster their
  strength\n
  • Take Advantage of Your DS Features Through Exciting Real-Time Battles and
  Shadow\n
  • High Quality Dual Screen FMV’s Showcasing More Than an Hour of Story Events!\n
  • Exciting RPG Elements Such As Item Collection, Character Progression and Robot
release: 2009-02-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blue Dragon Plus (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blue Dragon Plus (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blue Dragon Plus (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blue Dragon Plus (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Blue Dragon Plus (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA)/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA).json
developer: Nintendo SPD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Puzzle
description:
  The gaming sensation designed to stimulate your brain.
  .
  • Stylus controls and quick activities—so easy to learn\n
  • Fun math and logic puzzles keep your mind in shape\n
  • Keep track of your "Brain Age" and improve over time
  .
  Brain Age: Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day for Nintendo DS is a fun, rewarding
  form of entertainment everyone can enjoy, as it helps players flex their mental
  muscles. Brain Age is inspired by the research of Dr. Ryuta Kawashima, a
  prominent Japanese neuroscientist. His studies evaluated the impact of
  performing certain reading and mathematic exercises to help stimulate the brain.
  .
  Brain Age presents quick mental activities that help keep your DS brain in
  shape. Activities include quickly solving simple math problems, counting people
  going in and out of a house simultaneously, drawing pictures on the Touch
  Screen, reading classic literature out loud, and more. You can also play sudoku,
  the number puzzle game which has become an extremely popular feature in U.S.
  newspapers.
  .
  We all know as we grow older our bodies change and it becomes important to
  regularly exercise to maintain health and fitness. Our brain is no different.
  "Use it or lose it," as the adage goes. New research indicates mental acuity may
  be strengthened, like muscles, with brain exercises.
  .
  That's where Brain Age comes in.
  .
  Dr. Elizabeth Zelinski, dean and executive director of University of Southern
  California’s Leonard Davis School of Gerontology, says games like Brain Age can
  help keep older generations of Americans’ minds active. “Americans can do a
  great deal to maintain and even improve their mental abilities,” Zelinski
  explains. “Aging is about taking on new challenges for our minds. Nintendo’s
  Brain Age is a great way to do that.”
  .
  How does Brain Age work?
  .
  The Brain Age exercises are designed to stimulate your brain. Solving simple
  math and logic problems quickly, and reading aloud, have been proven to be
  effective methods of achieving this goal.
  .
  The distinctive Nintendo DS Touch Screen lets users write their answers with a
  Stylus pen, just as though they were writing on paper or using a Personal
  Digital Assistant or "PDA". Furthermore, the Nintendo DS's voice input
  identifies particular words you'll speak during the Stroop Test.
  .
  Brain Age tracks your progression through each exercise with easy-to-read line
  charts. Consistently using Brain Age each day will open new exercises to test
  your ability.
  .
  Brain Age includes a fun calculation competition for friends and family. Only
  one Brain Age Game Card is needed. With the DS's user-friendly interface, it's a
  snap to download this minigame to as many as 15 DS systems!
  .
  Baby Boomers and test-prepping school kids alike want to challenge themselves
  and find ways to stay sharp. Brain Age acts like a treadmill for the mind. With
  the simplicity of the Nintendo DS, and Brain Age's challenging and rewarding
  exercises, everyone can stimulate their DS brain, improving speed and accuracy
  of their game play.
release: 2005-05-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA)/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform;Role-Playing
description:
  The year is 2036, one year after the events of Castlevania®: Aria of Sorrow™.
  Soma Cruz finds himself at the center of a mysterious cult's plan to resurrect
  their evil lord and master Dracula. In order to save himself and protect the
  lives of those he loves, Soma must infiltrate the enemy's home base, a towering
  replica of Dracula's castle that is teaming with monstrous creatures.
  .
  • Use Devil Forgery skills to develop & enhance Innocent Devils allies\n
  • RPG elements featuring character growth based on experience points\n
  • Deep storyline that unfolds against a backdrop of beautiful environments\n
  • Increased number of unlockable features to enhance replayability
release: 2005-10-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Touch Screen & Luck Patch)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Touch Screen & Luck Patch)/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Touch Screen & Luck Patch).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Platform
description:
  The team that developed Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow returns to bring the sequel,
  CastleVania: Dawn of Sorrow, to the Nintendo DS. This time, you must infiltrate
  a castle belonging to a cult that is planning to resurrect Lord Dracula.
  Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow lets you defeat evil spirits using the "Magic Seal"
  system which utilizes the Nintendo DS touch screen. You can trade captured souls
  with other players using the wireless system as well.
release: 2005-10-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Touch Screen & Luck Patch).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Touch Screen & Luck Patch).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Touch Screen & Luck Patch).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Touch Screen & Luck Patch).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Touch Screen & Luck Patch).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr)/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Following the success of Dawn of Sorrow and Portrait of Ruin, the legendary
  Castlevania series is back on the DS.
  .
  Play as a member of Ecclesia, an organization that has sworn to defeat the evil
  forces of Dracula. Featuring intense, side-scrolling action as you collect
  elements to help in your quest against Dracula. Use the brand new Glyph attack
  system with more than 100 combos to battle Dracula and his minions throughout 20
  explorable areas.
release: 2008-10-21
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA)/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Platform
description:
  Celebrating 20 years of vampire hunting action, the legendary Castlevania series
  is back with an all-new action packed adventure. Take control of two heroes,
  Jonathan Morris, a vampire hunter and his close friend Charlotte Orlean, a girl
  with tremendous magical ability. Amidst the chaos of World War II, two
  mysterious sisters emerge, working to resurrect Dracula and David and Charlotte
  are all that stand in their way.
  .
  • Two new playable characters, each with their own unique style of play and
  abilities\n
  • Strategically switch between characters in the heat of the action\n
  • Call on your partner and execute Summon Attacks to decimate your enemies\n
  • Encounter over 100 diverse enemies in your adventure to stop Dracula’s
  resurrection\n
  • Original storyline set during World War II\n
  • Collect items, weapons and magic as you explore the castle\n
  • Explore several environments new to the series, such as the Desert, abandoned
  cities and more\n
  • Play with your friends in unlockable multi-player modes
release: 2006-12-05
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA)/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA).json
developer: Oxygen Games
publisher: TDK Core
genre: Puzzle;Education
description:
  Relax, play & improve your mind
  .
  With thousands of Sudoku and Picture Logic puzzles, you can have fun and improve
  your mind! You can track how you are improving in the Challenge Me mode, or just
  pick up & play a quick sudoku puzzle. With hours of gameplay Challenge Me: Brain
  Puzzles will stimulate you for hours!
release: 2009-05-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Children of Mana (USA, Australia)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Children of Mana (USA, Australia)/Children of Mana (USA, Australia).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  In the center of the world, the legendary Mana Trees, sheltering all beneath its
  mighty, speading limbs. But now, something sinister has happened. Having grown
  too strong, the Mana Tree's tremendous power surges across the world, corrupting
  all that it touches. It is up to four bold heroes to undertake a daring journey
  through scorching deserts and icy wastes to drive the forces of malice from the
  world!
  .
  Square Enix’s classic series looks absolutely beautiful on the DS. Dual screens
  means maps and key info are always available at a glance at the bottom screen.
  And thanks to wireless local play, as many as four friends can team up for an
  exciting adventure!
  .
  Never a company to rest on its laurels, Square Enix takes one of gaming’s most
  beloved franchises to a new level. A sinuous storyline, radiant art, brilliant
  use of dual screens, the engrossing gem system and the multiplayer free-for-alls
  propel the Mana series’ eagerly awaited DS debut into instant-classic territory.
release: 2006-03-02
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Children of Mana (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Children of Mana (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.background: Background/Children of Mana (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Children of Mana (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.video: Video/Children of Mana (USA, Australia).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr)/Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The RPG of the ages returns.
  .
  When a newly developed teleportation device malfunctions, young Crono must
  journey through time to rescue a mysterious girl from an intricate web of past
  and present perils. Enhanced with dual-screen presentation, stylus controls, and
  a host of great new features, the classic tale transcends time once again!
release: 2008-11-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.video: Video/Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1)/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1).json
developer: 1st Playable Productions
publisher: Disney Interactive Studios
genre: Adventure
description:
  The Disney Club Penguins from the wildly popular snow-covered Disney Club
  Penguin online world waddle onto the Nintendo DS for the first time. Disney Club
  Penguin: Elite Penguin Force introduces kids to all new adventures in the Disney
  Club Penguin world, giving players a chance to complete secret agent missions,
  solve mysteries and connect with friends and the Disney Club Penguin Web site in
  new ways. Kids can earn coins while playing on the Disney Club Penguin Nintendo
  DS, which will seamlessly transfer into their online accounts via a wireless
  connection. Players will embark on missions utilizing familiar and all-new
  gadgets, accessories, disguises, vehicles and locations to investigate
  mysterious events in the Disney Club Penguin world.
  .
  • Take on the role of a Disney Club Penguin Elite Penguin Forces agent,
  completing top secret missions only available on the Disney Club Penguin
  Nintendo DS\n
  • Play brand new exclusive DS-only mini-games including Snowboarding and Dance
  Challenge.\n
  • Play favorite Disney Club Penguin mini-games such as Cart Surfer, Jet Pack
  Adventure and Ice Fishing in a whole new way, using the DS stylus and the unique
  dual-screen view.\n
  • Earn coins while playing on the Nintendo DS to use or transfer wirelessly to
  online accounts.\n
  • Download new missions and weekly newsletters.
release: 2008-11-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: CrossworDS (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/CrossworDS (USA)/CrossworDS (USA).json
developer: Nuevo Retro Games
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Crosswords for Everyone!
  .
  Choose from more than a thousand crossword puzzles or hone your word skills with
  Wordsearch or Anagrams. No matter which type of puzzle you choose, you can
  easily save your progress at any time and return later to finish. Crosswords DS
  is designed for all players—just select your difficulty level and start off with
  a basic four-by-four puzzle. As you progress, the game will increase in
  difficulty and puzzle size. Use the DS stylus like a pencil to write or circle
  your answers on the touch-control screen. Erasing mistakes is as simple as
  writing the new answer over the old one. A hint system is also included in case
  you need some friendly assistance.
  .
  In Crosswords DS, you'll find puzzles perfect for everyone regardless of age or
  experience. Exercise your word skills in more than a thousand touch-control word
  puzzles to challenge every skill level.
  .
  • Crosswords DS offers crossword puzzles at multiple skill levels to engage any
  player, all controlled with the Nintendo DS stylus. Simply use the stylus to
  write your answers on the touch screen. Erase your mistakes with a quick tap on
  the screen, or write new answers directly over old ones.\n
  • An interactive hint system helps you move along at your own pace. For
  particularly puzzling problems, tap the "Hint" button to receive an additional
  clue, reveal a letter or have the word solved for you—the choice is yours.\n
  • The wordplay doesn't stop with crosswords. "Wordsearch" challenges you to find
  words hidden among random letters, while "Anagrams" will stretch your
  imagination to see how many words you can assemble from a group of letters.
  .
  Crosswords:
  .
  • Puzzles are designed for stress-free completion and are broken into three
  difficulty levels: Easy, Medium and Hard—plus an unlockable fourth level.\n
  • Unlike paper puzzles, Crosswords DS can offer help if you get stuck. By simply
  touching the hint button above the puzzle, players can choose to receive another
  clue, fill in an unknown letter or even reveal the entire word.\n
  • To input a letter, simply touch a square on the screen and write the answer
  just as you would in a paper puzzle. If you make a mistake, simply write the new
  letter over the old one—no more messy eraser bits.
  .
  Wordsearch and Anagrams:
  .
  • Wordsearch is just like the classic word searches you played as a kid. Use the
  DS stylus like a pencil to circle words hidden in a letter-filled screen. The
  more difficult the puzzle, the larger the block of letters you'll need to
  scan.\n
  • In Anagrams, players are given six random letters that must be arranged to
  spell out three-, four-, five- or six-letter words. Even if you don't identify
  every suitable combination, you only need to find a majority of possible words
  to move on to the next level.
release: 2008-05-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/CrossworDS (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/CrossworDS (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/CrossworDS (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/CrossworDS (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/CrossworDS (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dementium - The Ward (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Dementium - The Ward (USA)/Dementium - The Ward (USA).json
developer: Renegade Kid
publisher: Gamecock
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  Once you've checked into this ward, how do you leave?
  .
  Dementium tells the tale of a man who awakens to find himself alone, with no
  memories of his past, in a derelict hospital that is frozen in time. Confronted
  by the deadly, grotesque surgical experiments that wander the halls, a series of
  challenging puzzles and a cast of peculiar characters, he must face his deepest
  fears, unlock the mysteries of the hospital, and escape with his life.
  .
  Dementium: The Ward combines action-adventure, first-person shooter, and
  survival horror into one nightmarish experience. Pushing the limits of the
  Nintendo DS with full 3D visuals, Dementium aims to raise the bar for mature
  handheld games.
  .
  A completely new experience on the Nintendo DS from new publisher Gamecock Media
  Group, Dementium will creep you out with gory visuals and bone-chilling audio
  that brings this eerie ward to screaming life.
release: 2007-10-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dementium - The Ward (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dementium - The Ward (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dementium - The Ward (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dementium - The Ward (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dementium - The Ward (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Renegade Kid
publisher: SouthPeak Games
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  Just how demented are you?
  .
  You are William Redmoor, recent recipient of a radical brain operation intended
  to cure psychosis and current inmate at a clandestine treatment center for the
  criminally insane. Your memories are fuzzy, but it appears that your wife was
  murdered, and the evidence pointed toward you as the killer. Here at the Bright
  Dawn Treatment Center you are under the care of an enigmatic figure known only
  as The Doctor.
  .
  Whatever the Doctor’s methods, they appear to work—your psychosis is gone... or is
  it? Demons you once battled have appeared once again. Worse, it seems that the
  Doctor has some diabolical scheme to perform experimental operations on scores
  of other inmates. You must not only survive an onslaught of horrific beasts but
  also stop the Doctor from achieving his goal. With all the insanity that
  surrounds you, you can’t tell if it’s you or the world around you that has truly
  lost it. Just how demented are you?
release: 2010-05-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Climax Studios
publisher: Eidos  Interactive
genre: Puzzle
description:
  The customer is always right!
  .
  Diner Dash is the action-puzzle game that brings out the entrepreneur in all of
  us! Poor Flo! Sick and tired of pushing paper in the dreary, bleary-eyed world
  of finance, she ditched her desk job and now she's rolling up her sleeves and
  setting out to build her very own empire of high-class, five-star restaurants.
  It won't be easy, though! Flo's on her own now, and heading for the top! To get
  there she'll have to start on the ground floor - and she needs your help to
  build the best restaurant business possible.
  .
  Serve your way from a two-table diner to the top of the restaurant ladder -
  starting with a run-of-the-mill greasy spoon and ending in a dream restaurant
  that will take your breath away!
  .
  • Table Reservations: Flo must seat reserved customers at the tables reserved
  for their party. Reserved customers will be unhappy if their table is occupied
  but will leave Flo a very big tip if they are satisfied with their meal.\n
  • Brand-new outfits: Unlock 5 different outfits for Flo to wear in her
  restaurants!\n
  • Critic Reviews: Beware the "Critic" character who reviews your restaurant
  depending on how well you serve her.\n
  • All-New Levels: Introducing 50 different levels with over 20 unlockable
  levels, and 6 new restaurants.\n
  • Exciting Upgrades: Score enough points to unlock upgrades that will help you
  improve your customers' happiness such as energy bars, stereos and more!\n
  • Wireless Multiplayer: For the first time ever, play Diner Dash against a
  friend! - Introducing 3 new multi-player modes for friends to play against each
  other: Highest Score, First to Serve and Survival Mode. - Play as 5 different
  characters including the Chef and Maitre d! Gain customer testimonials by
  winning different goals throughout the game. - Once a Critic leaves your
  restaurant satisfied, power ups are left at her table that will either benefit
  your player or restrict your opponent for a short period of time.
release: 2007-05-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA)/Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA).json
developer: TOSE
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The latest game from the creative minds behind the 2005 RPG hit, Dragon Quest
  VIII: Journey of the Cursed KingTM, has arrived on the Nintendo DSTM. The hero
  of this brand-new action-adventure is a slime—one of the most popular monsters
  from the Dragon Quest series. Experience an action-packed adventure with slime
  rescue missions, addictive monster and item collection, and fierce multiplayer
  tank battles.
  .
  The game is set in the kingdom of Slimenia, a peaceful land that is suddenly
  invaded by a mysterious cartel called “the Plob,” who then proceed to kidnap all
  the slimes in the capital city of Boingburg. Our protagonist, Rocket, is the
  only slime left behind, and must embark on a journey throughout Slimenia to save
  his friends and uncover the Plob’s nefarious plot!
  .
  • Perform unique slime actions such as stretching, bouncing, carrying things on
  your head, and your awesome “Elasto Blast” attack!\n
  • Rescue your captured slime friends and collect items, money, and monsters as
  you solve the adventure stages.\n
  • Each adventure stage culminates in an exciting battle in your Schleiman Tank
  against other enemy Monster Tanks.\n
  • A cornucopia of colorful characters from the Dragon Quest world takes part in
  this wildly entertaining new adventure.\n
  • Customize your tanks by collecting a vast array of weapons and items. You can
  even shoot your fellow slimes or yourself from your tank’s cannons to infiltrate
  and sabotage the enemy’s Monster Tanks.\n
  • Simple, streamlined controls allow players of all ages and skill levels to
  take part in the action with ease.\n
  • With the Nintendo DS wireless play feature you can pit your tank against a
  friend’s in exciting player vs. player action.
release: 2006-09-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: ArtePiazza
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  A prestigious army captain, an adventurous princess seeking to test her skills
  beyond palace walls, a humble merchant aspiring to open his own shop, and two
  sisters who wish to avenge their father’s death... These seemingly unrelated
  individuals will soon cross paths when fate brings them together to journey
  alongside you, the hero. Dive into this unique adventure, and discover an epic
  tale told through the experiences and emotions of characters from all walks of
  life. For the first time, a full-fledged DRAGON QUEST adventure arrives on
  Nintendo DS with DRAGON QUEST IV: Chapters of the Chosen. The brainchild of
  series creator Yuji Horii, the DRAGON QUEST series has continued to excite and
  enchant players with its engaging storylines, charming characters designed by
  world-famous manga artist Akira Toriyama and imaginative worlds complemented by
  the memorable scores of renowned composer Koichi Sugiyama. Experience an
  adventure of epic proportions, presented through a unique portrayal of multiple
  character perspectives. While retaining the classic look and feel of the
  original release, this remake breathes new life into a much-loved entry in the
  DRAGON QUEST series with 3D graphics, dual screen presentation and newly
  animated monsters.
release: 2008-09-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Level-5
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  In "Dragon Quest IX: Sentinels of the Starry Skies," players begin their
  adventure as a city guardian who is sent to retrieve a sacred tree's fruits,
  which have the power to grant wishes. Players travel the world, conquer fearsome
  monsters and unravel an epic storyline. During their journey, players will
  encounter mighty opponents in fast-paced battles, and also interact with a
  colorful cast of characters. "Dragon Quest IX: Sentinels of the Starry Skies"
  contains special modes that let players share their adventure with others,
  allowing up to four players to team up via a local wireless connection and
  experience the fun of tackling challenging monsters and dungeons cooperatively
  with their own characters. Players can even leave the game active in their
  backpacks, pockets or purses and still interact with other players via an
  interactive "Tag Mode." Information about players' characters can be wirelessly
  transmitted to others, and treasure maps and customized greetings can be
  exchanged automatically by players who come within range of one another when
  their games are set to Tag Mode. Players looking to enjoy a variety of different
  game activities can take on special side quests. Some of these quests will be
  earned by progressing through the game, while additional quests will be made
  available for free download for players with broadband Internet access after the
  game launches, providing hours of additional content for virtual adventurers to
  enjoy either on their own or with friends. Some downloadable quests will
  continue the main storyline of the game, while others offer standalone missions.
release: 2010-07-11
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA)/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Send your minions to capture more minions!
  .
  Enter the world of DRAGON QUEST MONSTERS: Joker as the young hero, locked in a
  prison by your own father, the leader of a mysterious organization known as
  CELL. Released under orders to enter the Monster Scout Challenge, you will
  embark on a journey starting with a single monster and a scout ring, unaware of
  the dark and mysterious intentions that surround the competition.
  .
  • The “big three” comprised of series creator Yuji Horii, legendary manga artist
  Akira Toriyama, and renowned composer Koichi Sugiyama, teams up once again to
  create an unforgettable gaming experience\n
  • Witness the same breathtaking visuals that brought Akira Toriyama’s art to
  life in DRAGON QUEST VIII: Journey of the Cursed King\n
  • Create new species as you synthesize customized monsters from a selection of
  more than 200 different DRAGON QUEST creatures\n
  • Experience an innovative and exciting mix of the monster arena battles from
  DRAGON QUEST VIII and traditional DRAGON QUEST gameplay\n
  • Challenge your friends via local wireless play to see whose team is the
  strongest
release: 2007-11-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: ArtePiazza
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  DRAGON QUEST V: Hand of the Heavenly Bride–the second installment in the
  Zenithia Trilogy–makes its way to North America for the first time. Follow a
  journey that crosses three generations of a family’s legacy in a classic RPG
  brimming with new ideas, numerous lands to explore, multiple branches to enhance
  replayability, and dozens of your favorite DRAGON QUEST monsters. What begins as
  an innocent childhood voyage of a boy following alongside his father’s journey
  soon develops into an eye-opening adventure of a brave young man traveling the
  world as he faces life-altering decisions that transcend generations. You – a
  hero in the making – determine your own path, choose your wife, and befriend a
  wagonload of quirky monsters along the way. Indulge in the colorful DRAGON QUEST
  world created by Yuji Horii, combined with the charming characters and monsters
  designed by Akira Toriyama and memorable soundtrack from famed composer Koichi
  Sugiyama to create an unforgettable gaming experience.
release: 2009-02-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: ArtePiazza
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  DRAGON QUEST VI: Realms of Revelation - previously unavailable outside of Japan
  - makes its North American debut exclusively on the hand-held Nintendo DS family
  of systems. Combining classic role-playing adventure with new character options
  and enhancements, the game offers hours of imaginative DRAGON QUEST fun spanning
  several unique game worlds that can be enjoyed on the go.
  .
  DRAGON QUEST VI: Realms of Revelation features a rich storyline that leads
  players through a multitude of captivating worlds as they gather allies and
  battle fierce monsters on a quest to defeat evil forces. With updated graphics
  and more than 15 character classes to choose from, new and experienced players
  alike can dive headlong into the timeless role-playing excitement of the DRAGON
  QUEST franchise anytime, anywhere. They can even enjoy special features such as
  switching between character classes and letting monsters, such as Slimes, join
  their party.
release: 2011-02-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr)/Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr).json
developer: 5th Cell
publisher: THQ
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Drawn to Life is an action-adventure platform video game for the Nintendo DS
  developed by 5th Cell and published by THQ in 2007. It was later published by
  Agatsuma Entertainment in Japan in 2008 under the name Drawn to Life: God's
  Marionette (????????? ????????? Doron to Raifu: Kami-sama no Marionetto?). In
  the game, the player creates their own playable characters, level objects, and
  accessories by drawing them using the DS's stylus and Touch Screen. The game was
  ported to iOS by WayForward Technologies and released by 505 Games on May 22,
  2014.
  .
  Drawn to Life requires the player to create a hero in order to free a cursed
  village from an encroaching darkness. It features numerous platforming levels, a
  top down central village, and other elements such as vehicles, weapons, and
  platforms, which are drawn or colored by the player using the stylus.
  .
  Two sequels have come out, both under the title Drawn to Life: The Next Chapter,
  for release on the Wii and DS. A spin-off title, Drawn to Life: SpongeBob
  SquarePants Edition (based on the SpongeBob SquarePants episode
  "Frankendoodle"), was developed by Altron for the DS.
release: 2007-09-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.video: Video/Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1)/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).json
developer: 5th Cell
publisher: THQ
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Drawn to Life: The Next Chapter is the sequel of the video game Drawn to Life.
  .
  The game begins with a surreal sequence, wherein an unknown party asks the
  player “What do you remember about that day?” The player is given several
  dialogue choices that build a cohesive description of "that day", though at this
  time, the player is not aware of the event's importance (or even occurrence).
  Before the game properly begins, the player is asked to draw an image depicting
  this mysterious scene, introducing them to the game's core "draw" functionality.
  .
  Following this is an animation sequence wherein one of the characters from the
  previous game, Heather, recovers from a nightmare. She is shown to possess a
  red-colored jewel pendant. In the same sequence, Heather is abducted by a
  darkness which emanated from a scepter she discovered in a beached treasure
  chest in the middle of the night. The next morning, when the other characters
  realize she's missing, a search for her is dramatically cut short by Wilfre, who
  causes the majority of the Raposa villagers to vanish, reveals himself as
  Heather's captor, and ultimately drains the Village of color. The remaining
  characters flee to the back of a massive turtle delivered, upon request, by the
  Creator.
  .
  Their numbers sorely reduced and their home ruined, the game follows the
  Raposa's struggle to reunite with their fellows and, with the aid of the
  Creator's Hero of Creation, defeat Wilfre before he can realize his as-yet
  unknown goals. The remaining members of the Village travel to Watersong,
  Lavasteam, the Galactic Jungle, and Wilfre's Wasteland, a combination of all
  three villages.
release: 2009-10-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  An innovative new concept in multiplayer gaming, Final Fantasy Crystal
  Chronicles: Echoes of Time enables Wii and DS users to play side by side for the
  first time. This breakthrough in gaming connectivity allows players on both
  Nintendo platforms to journey together in the fantastical world of the beloved
  Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles series. Echoes of Time offers a gameplay system
  that allows for a seamless, hassle-free in-game switch from single to
  multiplayer mode. Play anytime, anywhere, with anyone and experience a new level
  of connectivity with this latest adventure in the FFCC series. A triumphant
  return from a monster-infested forest marks the completion of the 16-year-old
  hero's coming-of-age ceremony. However, the hero's joy is short-lived as a young
  village girl is found to be afflicted by a mysterious illness known as "crystal
  sickness." Determined to obtain the cure, the hero steps out of the secluded
  village for the first time, only to discover a world in which crystals are
  merely artifacts of the past and no longer exist. Players can switch between
  single and multiplayer modes at any time while playing, enjoying two great
  gaming options in one integrated experience. A personalized hero can be
  generated from a choice of the four familiar races of the series; Clavats,
  Lilties, Selkies or Yukes. Players can continue to enjoy the game even after
  completing the main adventure, as the New Game+ feature provides increased
  difficulty and better items with every new round.
release: 2009-03-24
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es)/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Yuri and Chelinka are fraternal twins who live happily with their father in a
  small village, but their happiness comes to an abrupt end when an ancient evil
  force arrives. Now, with his family shattered, Yuri begins to train so that he
  can be strong enough to fight when the evil returns. Yuri and Chelinka set out
  on their quest to find their friends, avenge their family, and heal their world.
release: 2008-03-11
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Final Fantasy III (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Final Fantasy III (USA)/Final Fantasy III (USA).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  This is the fans' chance to complete the circle. The legend of Final Fantasy III
  is reborn.
  .
  The Gulgan thus prophesied: This earthquake is only the beginning. The great
  tremors that swallowed the crystals, the light of our world, only to spawn
  monsters from the depths of the scarred land, are nothing but harbingers of what
  is yet to come. Something is coming...fathomless, ominous, and full of sorrow...
  But hope is not yet lost. Four souls will be blessed with the light, and so it
  shall begin... A chance encounter with a sentient crystal changes Luneth’s life
  forever. Luneth must leave the peaceful village of Ur behind, and seek three
  others who share his destiny. Together, the four young adventurers set out on a
  dangerous journey to banish the darkness that threatens their world.
release: 2006-08-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy III (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy III (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy III (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy III (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy III (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Follow the dark knight Cecil - Lord Captain of Baron's elite force, the Red
  Wings - as he embarks on a fateful journey riddled with trials, betrayals,
  friendship, loss and self-discovery. Plagued with uncertainty over his monarch's
  motives, can Cecil turn away from the path of darkness and destruction?\n
  • Fully remade in 3D with new graphics and voiceovers\n
  • Witness gorgeous, all-new CG cutscenes\n
  • Updated battle system retains its original feel while elevating visual effects
  to an entirely new level
release: 2008-09-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA)/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  One year after the events of FINAL FANTASY XII, the young protagonist Vaan
  travels the skies of Ivalice with his trusted navigator Penelo at his side.
  Their treasure hunting adventures take them to the sky continent of Lemurés
  where they meet Llyud, a member of the aegyl race. These mysterious winged
  people have been living on the floating continent for centuries, but a
  disturbance has allowed treasure-seeking sky pirates to breach their once-hidden
  territory. It falls to Vaan and his band of young sky pirates to stand up
  against the trespassers, and defend this extraordinary world and its people.
release: 2007-11-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA)/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA).json
developer: Intelligent Systems
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  A reinvention of the original NES titles with revamped graphics and intuitive
  touch control, Fire Emblem: Shadow Dragon will finally introduce longtime fans
  to the stories that gave birth to the series nearly 20 years ago in Japan, while
  introducing the Fire Emblem franchise to a broader audience of strategy and
  chess fans. Fire Emblem: Shadow Dragon also reveals the back story of Marth, the
  original lead character in the Fire Emblem series introduced and made popular in
  North America by the Super Smash Bros. series of fighting games.
release: 2008-08-07
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: From the Abyss (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/From the Abyss (USA)/From the Abyss (USA).json
developer: Sonic Powered Co., Ltd.
publisher: Aksys Games Localization, Inc.
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  From the Abyss is a dungeon crawling RPG where the player takes command of a
  custom created character. The story takes place in a small country called
  Rubenhaut where for many years the world has been free of monster when the
  Dimensional Abyss was created by the Saint of Light to seal them off in a
  parallel dimension, afterwards Rubenhaut was built to guard the gate. However,
  one day the seal was broken and the monster that was once sealed off have been
  released again and is wreaking havoc on the world and it is up to the player to
  explore the dungeons of the world and collect parts of a magical crystal called
  the Abyss Gate in order to re-seal the rift.
  .
  The gameplay consists of exploring the world and dungeons, collecting items,
  defeating enemies afterwards absorbing their souls and steal their skills and
  combine them with their existing skills and weapons for a multitude of different
  attacks. What makes From the Abyss different from other RPGs is that every time
  the player starts a new game, everything is randomized ensuring an unique
  experience each time.
  .
  There is also multiplayer mode where two friends can play co-op and advance
  through the game and fight the main boss, The Abyss Lord.
release: 2008-08-28
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/From the Abyss (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/From the Abyss (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/From the Abyss (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/From the Abyss (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/From the Abyss (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA)/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA).json
developer: Bizarre Creations
publisher: Sierra Entertainment
genre: Shooter
description:
  Like its parent, the Xbox Live Arcade game Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved,
  Galaxies has the player control a ship that can shoot and travel in 8 directions
  and is controlled primarily with analog sticks and a single button to activate
  bombs. The playing space is a flat 2D plane, but unlike Evolved there are
  multiple planes (or levels) that vary in size and shape. The planes are
  typically a near-black background lit up with a grid, but enemies are brightly
  colored shapes that fill the screen with particles and colors when attacking the
  player.
  .
  Galaxies differs from Retro Evolved in that the single-player component has many
  different levels rather than the single provided in Evolved, each with its own
  set of score goals. Galaxies also adds a new mechanic of the drone, which acts
  as a helper ship that can perform one user-selected duty at a time such as
  rotating shield, secondary shooter, backwards shooter, etc.
  .
  The Wii version includes Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved and can interface with the
  Nintendo DS to download the demo to the system, as well as to unlock new
  features, including a hidden version of Geometry Wars: Waves.
release: 2007-11-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Glory of Heracles (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Glory of Heracles (USA)/Glory of Heracles (USA).json
developer: Paon Corporation
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Glory of Heracles features the eponymous Greek hero in a pick-up-and-play
  role-playing game that has a rich storyline in a Greek motif and a deep battle
  system. The story begins when Heracles washes up on a beach with amnesia.
  Players must journey far and wide to figure out Heracles' story and unravel the
  mysterious pasts of the other main characters in this new adventure. The game
  uses ancient Greece as its backdrop, and players can visit cities like Sparta
  and Athens on their travels.
release: 2010-01-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Glory of Heracles (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Glory of Heracles (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Glory of Heracles (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Glory of Heracles (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Glory of Heracles (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Harvest Moon DS (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Harvest Moon DS (USA)/Harvest Moon DS (USA).json
developer: Marvelous Interactive
publisher: Natsume / Marvelous Entertainment
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  Harvest Moon DS (牧場物語 コロボックルステーション Bokujō Monogatari: Korobokkuru Sutēshon) is
  the first game for the Nintendo DS in the Harvest Moon ) of farm simulation
  video games/role-playing. It was published and developed by Marvelous
  Interactive Inc., and first released in Japan on March 17, 2005. It is the first
  entry in the series without series creator Yasuhiro Wada heavily involved,
  though it borrows many assets from Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town and
  Harvest Moon: A Wonderful Life, such as the graphical style from the former and
  setting of the latter.
release: 2005-03-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Harvest Moon DS (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Harvest Moon DS (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Harvest Moon DS (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Harvest Moon DS (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Harvest Moon DS (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA)/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA).json
developer: Gunnar Games
publisher: GameMill Publishing
genre: Puzzle
description:
  What is intended as a relaxing vacation to Savannah , Georgia for Claire
  Donnelly wuickly turns into one of adventure and mystery. Upon her arrival,
  Claire starts experiencing unusual visions, which grow to vivid depiction of
  visions of evil forces living among the citizens of Savannah. Dark Shadows: A
  Vampire's Tale mixes hidden object gameplay with adventure elements. The dark
  and mysterious storyline will capture the attention of casual gamers and vampire
  fanatics alike
release: 2010-08-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA)/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA).json
developer: HAL Laboratory
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Your DS stylus has been infused with the power to paint! When Kirby gets turned
  into a ball by an evil witch, your hand-drawn rainbow paths become the only way
  he can find power-ups and reach the gates of each world. Draw loops to make him
  speed up, make ramps to jump danger, and draw walls to block laser beams and
  cannon blasts as you explore seven worlds packed with adventure! Get in touch:
  Stun enemies, break blocks, and much more - all with a touch of the stylus! Be a
  copycat: Tap Kirby to dash into enemies and copy their abilities. Eleven
  abilities in all! So many modes: Try timed challenges, take on bosses, or play
  simple but fun mini-games!  Released in Europe on November 25, 2005 as Kirby:
  Power Paintbrush.
release: 2005-03-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA)/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Kirby: Squeak Squad, known in Europe as Kirby: Mouse Attack and in Japan as
  Kirby of the Stars: Calling on the Dorotche Gang (Japanese: 星のカービィ 参上! ドロッチェ団
  Hepburn: Hoshi no Kābī Sanjō! Dorocche Dan?), is a 2006-07 platforming video
  game developed by HAL Laboratory, Flagship and Natsume (the latter as seen in
  the end credits) and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video
  game console. Unlike the previous Nintendo DS title, Kirby: Canvas Curse, Squeak
  Squad is a traditional platformer which uses the face buttons instead of the
  touch screen to control Kirby.
release: 2006-11-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: HAL Laboratory
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  One day, an evildoer with a magic cane appears and splits Kirby into 10 pieces.
  Kirby sets off on a journey to return to his original form. Players use the
  touch screen to control a mass of Kirby characters in a new and novel way. Swipe
  the touch screen to launch them in a mass attack against enemies, then tap the
  enemies into submission.
release: 2011-08-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA)/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA).json
developer: HAL Laboratory
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Kirby's back with a bunch of fun adventures! Explore Dream Land and defeat King
  Dedede, tame the ferocious Dynablade, explore a huge cave, take part in a
  gluttonous race, vandalize Meta Knight's ship, the Halberd, explore the entire
  galaxy, and more!
  .
  Kirby Super Star Ultra is an updated remake of Kirby Super Star, a popular SNES
  game which is broken up into seven main games. In addition to those previous
  games, Ultra includes five new games and three new sub-games. Listed are just
  some of the new ones:
  .
  Revenge of the King: King Dedede wants a rematch! This game is a toughened up
  version of Spring Breeze, the opening game.
  .
  The Arena: Every boss that Kirby has met throughout the game, one after the
  other! Try to beat them all!
  .
  Meta Knightmare Ultra: Play through the first five games as Meta Knight, with
  his own special abilities and powers! Speed is the key!
  .
  Kirby Card Swipe: Watch the top screen, and quickly pick the correct card. Be
  the first to do it thrice!
  .
  Kirby on the Draw: Enemy targets pop up, tap them as they appear. Don't tap the
  bombs!
  .
  Snack Tracks: Eat all the food on your tracks. Don't eat the bugs, bombs or
  rocks!
  .
  As with the original, Ultra features a heavily featured multiplayer mode. All
  games can be played either co-operatively or competitively. Spring Breeze can
  even be played co-operatively if your friend doesn't have a copy of the game!
release: 2008-09-22
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Hellbent Games
publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
genre: Strategy
description:
  Lego Battles is a video game developed by Hellbent Games and co-published by TT
  Games. It was released on June 9, 2009 for the Nintendo DS. There are a total of
  three different stories in the game, each with the option of playing as the
  protagonists or the antagonists. There are 6 different quests (one for the
  protagonists and one for the antagonists of each story), with 15 different
  levels in each quest. Quests are divided into three acts, each act ranging in
  length of 4-6 levels. It is similar to Starcraft in that it has buildings,
  builders, fighters, machines (Specials) and Resources.
release: 2009-06-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: Lucas Art's
genre: Platform
description:
  Lego Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues is a 2009 video game developed by
  Traveller's Tales and published by LucasArts. It is the sequel to the 2008 game,
  Lego Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures. The game allows gamers to play all
  four cinematic adventures,[5] including the latest film in the franchise,
  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, which was not included in
  the previous game. Despite being tagged as a sequel, the game contains newly
  designed levels for all four movies. The game is available on the Wii, Xbox 360,
  PlayStation 3, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable, Mac OS X, and Microsoft
  Windows.[6][7] The Mac OS X version of the game was released on April 28, 2011
  by Feral Interactive.[1] A PlayStation 2 version of the game was planned, but
  later cancelled for unknown reasons and was scrapped along with Lego Harry
  Potter: Years 1-4.
release: 2009-11-17
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Many months have passed since the events of The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker,
  and Link, Tetra and Tetra's band of pirates have set sail in search of new
  lands. Tetra falls into danger when she explores an abandoned ship alone, and
  Link falls into the ocean when he attempts to rescue her. When he washes up
  unconscious on the shores of a mysterious island, he is awakened by a fairy who
  agrees to help him as he sets off to find Tetra - and his way back to the seas
  he once knew.
release: 2007-06-23
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  For the first time in the 23-year history of The Legend of Zelda series,
  Princess Zelda is leaving the villainous clutches of the underworld behind and
  joining the adventure with Link. In The Legend of Zelda: Spirit Tracks, the
  spirit of Zelda accompanies Link on his quest to save Hyrule. Directly impacting
  game play like never before, Zelda's spirit can take control of hulking suits of
  armor known as Phantoms, allowing the player to direct both Link and these new
  allies as they battle enemies, solve puzzles and uncover secrets. Zelda also
  rides alongside Link on his customizable train, offering wisdom that will help
  players find new areas, storylines and items. The team of Link and Zelda
  presents countless new storyline details for fans to enjoy, including a closer
  look at Princess Zelda herself, one of the most iconic video game characters of
  all-time.
release: 2009-12-07
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Lunar - Dragon Song (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Lunar - Dragon Song (USA)/Lunar - Dragon Song (USA).json
developer: Game Arts
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Through the Darkness find the Light!\n
  When The Legends of Dragons were first born, an age of darkness descended on the
  world of Lunar. Join the untried hero Jian and his friends on their journey to
  save Lunar from the powerful forces of evil.
release: 2005-09-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lunar - Dragon Song (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lunar - Dragon Song (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lunar - Dragon Song (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lunar - Dragon Song (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lunar - Dragon Song (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Magical Starsign (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Magical Starsign (USA)/Magical Starsign (USA).json
developer: Brownie Brown
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The students of Will O'Wisp magical academy have a little problem: Their teacher
  has mysteriously disappeared. After commandeering a handful of rockets to rescue
  her, they've wound up on a strange (and sometimes scary) adventure through outer
  space. Now players must rescue both their classmates AND their teacher - and
  just maybe the whole solar system while they're at it. Explore strange planets.
  Players see the sights of this strange, sci-fi fantasy setting as they uncover
  the secret behind their teacher's disappearance in this epic role-playing game.
  The stylus controls everything, from combat to conversations to outfitting
  allies. Simple controls make it easy to play but a challenge to master. Players
  can link up wirelessly with five friends and explore the amigo dungeon together
  - they'll find unending challenges and incredible rewards as they delve into the
  depths of this unique multiplayer experience.
release: 2006-10-23
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Magical Starsign (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Magical Starsign (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Magical Starsign (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Magical Starsign (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Magical Starsign (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1)/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1).json
developer: AlphaDream
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The famous Mario Brothers return in this sequel to the humorous Superstar Saga.
  In this adventure, Princess Peach takes a trip in a time machine, but when it
  returns, there's only a monster inside! The heroic brothers travel back in time
  only to discover that evil alien life forms known as the Shroobs have taken over
  the Mushroom Kingdom, and no-one is safe! They soon meet up with their younger
  selves, and set out to stop the alien menace, not to mention rescue the
  Princess!
release: 2005-11-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Racing
description:
  Rev up your engines and buckle up for Mario Kart DS! An all-star cast of karting
  veterans and newcomers compete for glory across 32 fiendishly-designed courses,
  including Grand Prix, Time Trial, VS., Battle and Mission modes. The first game
  in the series to feature classic courses from previous Mario Kart titles, it
  also introduced the new items Blooper and Bullet Bill and an emblem editor for
  customising your karts. Mario Kart DS is packed with more content than you can
  shake a Spiny Shell at!
release: 2005-11-14
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mario Party DS (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Mario Party DS (USA)/Mario Party DS (USA).json
developer: Hudson Soft
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Party
description:
  He's captured Mario and his friends in his pursuit of a crystal that the group
  collected when it fell from the sky, and he doesn't hesitate to shrink them to
  miniature size to get rid of them and get his hands on the other four crystals.
  The mini-heroes have to find the crystals before he does, making their way
  through giant environments filled with enormous creatures. The single-player
  campaign takes place in five different settings, each of them ending with a
  boss. As usual, players have to collect coins and stars, at the same time
  escaping dangers such as Piranha Plants and other classic creatures from the
  Mario universe.
release: 2007-11-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mario Party DS (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mario Party DS (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mario Party DS (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mario Party DS (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mario Party DS (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: McDonald's eCrew Development Program (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/McDonald's eCrew Development Program (Japan)/McDonald's eCrew Development Program (Japan).json
developer: McDonald's Japan
publisher: McDonald's Japan
genre: Miscellaneous;Edutainment
description:
  eCDP is a Miscellaneous game, developed and published by McDonald's Japan, which
  was released in Japan in 2010.
release: 2010
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/McDonald's eCrew Development Program (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/McDonald's eCrew Development Program (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/McDonald's eCrew Development Program (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/McDonald's eCrew Development Program (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA)/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA).json
developer: Nintendo Software Technology
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  The famous Metroid series lands on the Nintendo DS with Metroid Prime: Hunters.
  A once-strong race has gone extinct, leaving powerful artifacts to be found by
  bounty hunters from across the galaxy. The game features a variety of bounty
  hunters, both old and new, to the series. It also features multiple competitive
  game modes--such as deathmatch and king of the hill--for battling wirelessly
  with up to three other players.
release: 2006-03-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (USA, Australia) (Demo)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (USA, Australia) (Demo)/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (USA, Australia) (Demo).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure;Shooter
description:
  Metroid Prime Hunters: First Hunt is an official demo of Metroid Prime Hunters,
  the first Metroid game for the Nintendo DS. It was included in Nintendo DS
  packages at the time of release, but has long since been discontinued. The game
  includes three short single-player games, a trailer for the full game, and a
  small multiplayer section.
  .
  The game is a collection of trials to test Samus's abilities. These include
  Regulator, Survival, and Morph Ball Training. Points are gained based on
  performance in these trials, and by combo-ing enemies without missing a shot.
release: 2004-11-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (USA, Australia) (Demo).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (USA, Australia) (Demo).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (USA, Australia) (Demo).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (USA, Australia) (Demo).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Metroid Prime Pinball (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Metroid Prime Pinball (USA)/Metroid Prime Pinball (USA).json
developer: Fuse Games Limited
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action
description:
  In this pinball game based on Metroid Prime, Samus gets knocked and rolled
  around the table in Morph Ball form; the table contains Metroids, which can
  latch onto her and suck away health. Tables include the surface of Tallon IV,
  the Space Station, the Phazon Mines, and more can be unlocked by searching for
  artifacts and collecting bounties, which are found by destroying Space Pirates
  and other dangerous creatures.
  .
  Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball game with a Metroid theme. Players can
  collect power-ups such as missiles and super bombs, which can be helpful when
  defeating bosses. There are also missions to be completed within a time limit;
  these missions can involve defeating unique enemies that appear on the table or
  completing tasks such as wall jumping. Completing missions earns either
  artifacts or special tokens.
  .
  The game also features a single-card multiplayer mode. In this mode, up to eight
  players can play. The game is a race to see who can reach a certain score first.
  Players lose points if they lose their ball. It is also possible to dump enemies
  onto opponents' tables to cause trouble for them.
release: 2005-10-24
players: 8
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metroid Prime Pinball (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metroid Prime Pinball (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metroid Prime Pinball (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metroid Prime Pinball (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Metroid Prime Pinball (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA)/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA).json
developer: MumboJumbo
publisher: MumboJumbo
genre: Puzzle;Hidden Object
description:
  The master of macabre, Edgar Allan Poe, leads you on a shadowy journey to
  finally solve the mystery of his death. As a famed mystery writer, you're
  looking for your next cold case to crack when an unexpected visitor hands you
  the perfect case to get your career moving again. When Edgar leads you through
  some of his most famous works, The Raven, The Gold Bug, The Mystery of Marie
  Roget and The Purloined Letter, you'll collect clues, interview witnesses and
  piece together the conspiracy behind the death of one of America's greatest
  writers. Who killed Edgar? And, why were such measures taken so that no one
  would ever know the truth? You have 24 hours and ghosts of the past to guide you
  through Midnight Mysteries: The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy!
release: 2009-07-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: New Super Mario Bros. (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/New Super Mario Bros. (USA)/New Super Mario Bros. (USA).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Old-School Platforming Fun - Jump, bounce, and power-up through visually
  stunning side-scrolling worlds filled with Mushroom Kingdom madness. New Action
  - Grab a Mega Mushroom and grow to incredible proportions, or smash through your
  foes in a blue Koopa shell. 2 Distinct Multiplayer Modes - New Super Mario Bros.
  features competitive 2-player multiplayer and mini-game functionality supporting
  up to 4 players. A Classic Storyline - Bowser and Bowser Jr. have kidnapped
  Princess Peach, again, and only Mario and you can save her. Powerups Galore -
  You'll find classic power-ups, like the Super Mushroom and the Fire Flower in
  the game, as well as some all-new ones that let Mario explore the Mushroom
  Kingdom like never before. New Moves - New Super Mario Bros. expands Mario's
  arsenal of moves to include some very powerful advanced techniques. If you want
  to uncover every secret in the game, you'll have to master them all.
release: 2006-05-15
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/New Super Mario Bros. (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/New Super Mario Bros. (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/New Super Mario Bros. (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/New Super Mario Bros. (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/New Super Mario Bros. (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Miscellaneous;Application
description:
  Nintendo DS Browser makes use of the Nintendo DS's touchscreen for input, with
  an on-screen keyboard as well as handwriting recognition and a stock of pre-set
  text (for example, the .com and .org top-level domains).
  .
  The browser can render pages in two modes, Small Screen Rendering (SSR) or
  Overview. In Small Screen Rendering mode, the contents of the page are displayed
  in a single column fitting the width of the screen - for example, a page
  featuring two columns of text side-by-side would be displayed as a single
  column, one after the other. In Overview mode, a scaled-down version of the page
  is displayed on the touchscreen with a small selection box which can be moved
  around using the stylus. The contents of the selection box are displayed on the
  top screen at their full size. This selection can be brought into the
  touchscreen to perform such actions as click on links or entering text in boxes.
  .
  The browser connects to the network through IEEE 802.11 Wi-Fi access points or
  hotspots using the built-in wireless capability of the Nintendo DS. While WEP
  encryption is supported, WPA encryption is not.
  .
  Nintendo has partnered with Internet security company Astaro to integrate web
  filtering technology into the Nintendo DS Browser. Called Astaro Parental
  Control, the technology acts as a proxy filter, providing the option of blocking
  inappropriate content.[6] This is provided free of charge and can be activated
  through a simple menu option.
  .
  The Nintendo DS browser supports JavaScript and SSL in web pages,[7] but does
  not support plugins like Adobe Flash, or bold text.[8] Due to limited system
  resources, most other dynamic media, such as videos or sound, will not work in
  the browser.
release: 2006-07-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA)/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  Nintendogs (Japanese: ニンテンドッグス Hepburn: Nintendoggusu?) is a realtime pet
  simulation video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS
  handheld video game console. It was first released in Japan, and was later
  released in North America, Australia, Europe, and other regions. It was
  originally released in three different versions: Dachshund & Friends, Lab &
  Friends (Shiba & Friends in Japan), and Chihuahua & Friends. It has been
  re-released twice since then, first as a bundled release with a special edition
  Nintendo DS with a new version called Nintendogs: Best Friends, and then later
  as Nintendogs: Dalmatian & Friends.
  .
  Nintendogs uses the DS's touchscreen and built-in microphone. The touch screen
  allows the player to pet a dog, as well as to use various items that can be
  found or purchased. These range from balls and frisbees, to toys, to grooming
  supplies to keep the dogs happy. The microphone is used to call to the player's
  dog by speaking the name given to the dog in the beginning of the game as well
  as to teach the dog tricks such as "sit" or "roll over". Players can bring their
  dogs on walks and to the park if they so choose. They may interact with other
  players in multi-player by using the DS's wireless linkup. It also uses the DS's
  internal clock and calendar to allow the dog to grow hungrier or dirtier based
  on the elapsed time.
  .
  Nintendogs received critical acclaim. It has an aggregate score of 85% at Game
  Rankings,[3] and has won many awards, including the 2006 Innovation Award from
  PC World and Best Handheld Game from the Associated Press. As of March 31, 2015,
  all versions of Nintendogs combined have sold 23.96 million copies worldwide,
  making it second on the Nintendo DS best-sellers list, behind only New Super
  Mario Bros.[4] Because of Nintendogs' success, Nintendo has made several related
  products, including Nintendogs toys[5] and a series of Nintendogs trading
  cards.[6] At E3 2010, it was announced a sequel, titled Nintendogs + Cats, would
  be released for the Nintendo 3DS.
release: 2005-08-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA)/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  With Nintendogs, you can put a puppy inside your Nintendo DS. Pick from multiple
  breeds, ranging from Labradors to Dalmatians, and then take care of and train
  the puppy using the touch screen and microphone. If you train your puppy well
  enough, you can compete in dog shows and agility contests to unlock other items
  and puppy breeds.
release: 2006-10-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA)/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA).json
developer: Indies Zero
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  Personal Trainer: Cooking includes more than 200 recipes from around the world
  and transforms the Nintendo DS into an electronic, interactive cookbook,
  complete with a glossary of terms and even instructional videos.
release: 2008-11-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Plants vs. Zombies (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Plants vs. Zombies (USA)/Plants vs. Zombies (USA).json
developer: PopCap Games
publisher: PopCap Games
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Now you can zap zombies on the go in PopCap's award-winning game! Enjoy
  thrilling new minigames, take on a friend in Versus mode, and make your own
  zombie with the Zombatar! Plus, you'll get all the fun of the original hit game:
  Fight the fun-dead with your arsenal of plants through day, night, fog, in the
  swimming pool and on the roof. It's a powerful, portable new way to play Plants
  vs. Zombies. The fun never dies!
release: 2011-01-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Plants vs. Zombies (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Plants vs. Zombies (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Plants vs. Zombies (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Plants vs. Zombies (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Plants vs. Zombies (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA)/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA).json
developer: Game Freak
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Another world has emerged in the Sinnoh Region...
  .
  ...A world where space & time are altered!
  .
  New Discoveries, New Challenges!\n
  Catch, train, and battle your favorite Pokemon, and discover ancient, mythical
  Pokemon in this exciting new adventure!
  .
  Expanded Online Options!\n
  New experiences in the Wi-Fi Plaza and Battle Frontier!
release: 2008-09-13
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA)/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA).json
developer: Chunsoft
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky expands on the fun found in Pokemon
  Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time and Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of
  Darkness. Players become a Pokemon and team up with a partner Pokemon. Together
  the two set out on an adventure of exploration and discovery, ultimately saving
  the world from destruction.
  .
  With additional Pokemon to become, new Special Episodes and enhanced
  communication features, this is a grand adventure with a moving story and
  stunning finale. This game is a great starting point for players to enter the
  world of Pokemon Mystery Dungeon and for returning players to discover even more
  secrets.
release: 2009-10-12
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Pokemon Ranger (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Pokemon Ranger (USA)/Pokemon Ranger (USA).json
developer: HAL Laboratory
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  An action RPG set in the world of the Pokémon Ranger movie. You play as a
  Pokémon Ranger. Different from a Pokémon Trainer, a Ranger travels the lands,
  using Pokémon in a fight to defend nature from baddies. Its release precedes
  that of Diamond and Pearl, and all three games link up together for some top
  secret bonuses.
release: 2006-10-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pokemon Ranger (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pokemon Ranger (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pokemon Ranger (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pokemon Ranger (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pokemon Ranger (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA, Australia)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA, Australia)/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA, Australia).json
developer: Creatures, Inc.
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure
description:
  The third installment in the action-packed Pokemon Ranger series lets players
  take on the role of a Pokemon Ranger tasked with protecting Pokemon, people and
  nature.
  .
  With Ranger Signs to call powerful Pokemon, including Legendary Pokemon, and the
  addition of multiplayer missions, players investigate the nefarious actions of
  the Pokemon Pinchers, who have been disrupting the peace by chasing and catching
  Pokemon.
release: 2010-10-04
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA, Australia).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA)/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA).json
developer: Creatures, Inc.
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  In the second in the Pokemon Ranger series, you once again play as a Pokemon
  Ranger, working to help people, Pokemon and nature in a new area called the
  Almia Region. Starting out as a Student Ranger, you quickly earn the title of a
  full-fledged Pokemon Ranger. As you succeed in more and more missions, you will
  aspire to become the highest Ranger rank: Top Ranger. Along the way you meet and
  capture all kinds of different Pokemon.
  .
  Capture wild Pokemon and create a team to clear obstacles and puzzles
  encountered along the way. After using a Pokemon’s ability, it will leave your
  team; however, you will have a Partner Pokemon that will always stay by your
  side. As you progress through Missions and Quests, your Capture Styler becomes
  more powerful, giving your Styler more Energy and eventually advancing you to
  the level of Top Ranger.
release: 2008-11-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Populous DS (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Populous DS (USA)/Populous DS (USA).json
developer: EA Japan
publisher: Xseed Games
genre: Strategy
description:
  Peter Molyneaux's pioneering "God game" gets resurrected and re-imagined for a
  new generation of handheld strategists in Populous DS. This time players take
  control of five different deities, and make use of each God's unique elemental
  miracles to manipulate terrain and encourage the growth of a civilization. Solo
  gamers can take part in the 50-mission campaign or tackle the "Warrior Hunt"
  mini-game in the "Free Play Mode," and multiplayer action lets up to four people
  battle one another using earthquakes, tidal waves, and volcanic eruptions.
release: 2008-11-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Populous DS (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Populous DS (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Populous DS (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Populous DS (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Populous DS (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Game Sauce
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Puzzle
description:
  The Truly Brilliant Puzzle Game. Color the light, split the light, bounce and
  bend the light to create the one illuminating pattern that solves all. Solve 120
  unique puzzles increasing in complexity and difficulty.
release: 2007-10-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA)/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA).json
developer: Level-5
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  In the world of Professor Layton, puzzles hide in every corner. When the
  professor's mentor is mysteriously murdered, a cursed artifact called the
  Elysian Box appears to be behind it. With a ticket to the Molentary Express as
  their only lead, Professor Layton and Luke embark on an adventure that will test
  their wits and work their brains. Calling all brainteaser fans! With tons of
  in-game puzzles of different types and difficulties, there's something for
  everyone from kids to adults. As Professor Layton, you'll open doors with
  sliding puzzles, uncover clues with logic puzzles, and find answers by solving
  riddles. A cinematic experience! This large-scale sequel to Professor Layton and
  the Curious Village features three times the voiced dialogue and movies of its
  predecessor. The fully voiced movies, hand-drawn art style, and cast of
  eccentric characters bring the story to life and are sure to charm puzzle fans
  young and old.
release: 2009-08-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA)/Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA).json
developer: Brownie Brown
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  Last Specter is the fourth game in the Professor Layton series, and is a prequel
  that takes place three years before the first trilogy, detailing how Professor
  Layton met his apprentice, Luke Triton. The game includes over 170 puzzles.\n
  Professor Layton and the Last Specter also includes an additional role-playing
  game entitled Professor Layton's London Life, available from the start of the
  game. London Life, in which players interact with various characters from the
  series in a town called "Little London", was advertised to contain over 100
  hours of content. London Life was removed from the European versions of the game
  in order to prevent a significant delay of the game's release for translation.
release: 2011-10-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA)/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA).json
developer: Level-5
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  Professor Layton and the Unwound Future is the third game in the beloved
  Professor Layton series of brainteaser puzzles for Nintendo. It places the
  Professor and his trusted apprentice at the center of a spellbinding adventure
  after they receive a strange letter sent from 10 years in the future. Wind your
  way through more than 165 mind-bending puzzles as you decipher clues and strive
  to unlock a time-twisting mystery that threatens to plunge London into chaos.
  The story is delivered both through game play and through beautifully rendered
  hand-drawn cinematics. Layton fans and puzzle fans alike will find the game
  remarkably addictive.
release: 2010-09-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Role-Playing;Puzzle
description:
  In the savage lands of the Asharin Empire, the tribesmen have been captured by
  the King. After acquiring his freedom it is up to the player to gain vengeance
  for the tribesmen, no matter what the cost. To exact revenge, the player will
  need to become a great warrior capable of toppling an empire by mastering the
  puzzle based combat system in this Puzzle RPG of legendary proportions.
release: 2010-01-28
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA)/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA).json
developer: 1st Playable Productions
publisher: D3Publisher
genre: Puzzle;Role-Playing
description:
  Set in the Warlords universe, Puzzle Quest challenges gamers to create, develop
  and customize the ultimate hero to save the land of Etheria from the evil Lord
  Bane. In order to advance, players battle in turn-based, head-to-head
  "match-three" style puzzle games in one of three distinct gameplay modes:
  Single-player allows gamers to battle against the computer AI as they embark on
  over 150 challenging quests, Instant Action allows gamers to jump in and
  immediately play continuous battles to level-up characters without participating
  in quests, and Multiplayer allows gamers to battle live opponents via wireless
  connectivity. Victory will advance the player's hero, magical arsenal, creature
  companions and more - ultimately rewarding gamers at nearly every turn and
  providing endless hours of replayablity.
release: 2007-03-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Infinite Interactive
publisher: D3Publisher
genre: Puzzle;Matching
description:
  In Puzzle Quest: Galactrix a horrifying scientific accident has provoked another
  race to attempt extermination of humankind; players will create a persistent
  pilot who gains skills, crafts items, maneuvers among the universe's political
  factions, and upgrades the ultimate space fleet as they attempt to end the
  genocide.
  .
  An innovative hexagonal puzzle board allows for a wide range of strategic depth
  as it heeds to gravity according to a player's location in the game universe.
release: 2009-02-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA)/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror
description:
  Resident Evil: Deadly Silence is an enhanced version of the original Resident
  Evil, a survival horror video game developed and released by Capcom originally
  for the PlayStation in 1996.
  .
  The game introduces Resident Evil series mainstays Chris Redfield and Jill
  Valentine as members of an elite task force known as S.T.A.R.S. (Special Tactics
  and Rescue Service). At the start of the game, players select one of the two as
  they investigate the disappearance of their fellow team members on the outskirts
  of Raccoon City, and become trapped in an old mansion infested with zombies and
  other monsters. As players explore this mysterious place, they uncover clues and
  solve puzzles. Depending on the player's actions, the game ends with different
  outcomes.
  .
  There are many new features added into Deadly Silence, including "Knife Battle"
  sequences in which the player must stab enemies in the face by swinging the
  knife via the stylus. The player can also shake off enemies by using touch
  screen and stab a zombie.
release: 2006-02-07
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Retro Game Challenge (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Retro Game Challenge (USA)/Retro Game Challenge (USA).json
developer: indieszero
publisher: Namco
genre: Action;Adventure;Racing;Role-Playing;Shooter
description:
  Thrown back in time to the 1980's, you are turned into a young boy and forced to
  play video games by an evil self-proclaimed "Game Master", Game Master Arino.
  Game Master Arino will test your gaming skills by throwing various challenges at
  you in a wide-variety of retro games including shooters, racing, action and even
  an epic role-playing game - your only way to return is to defeat him in every
  retro game challenge he throws at you.
  .
  But you are not alone in your quest-armed with access to gaming magazines, cheat
  codes can be found to warp to later levels, receive unlimited continues or even
  become invincible! A young Arino is at your side to keep you company during your
  challenges, quite amused at the fact that he grows up to be so evil in the
  future to be the cause of your current predicament. Test your skills with the
  awesomeness of the 8-bit era and prevent the retro games from exacting their
  revenge! An original game based on the popular Japanese GAME CENTER CX TV
  series, Retro Game Challenge reinvents how classic games are played by having
  the player complete short challenges in a wide-variety of games to keep the game
  play fresh and rewarding.
  .
  Specific challenges in shooters, racing, action and a role-playing game are
  integrated into the story, while the in-game magazines offer cheat codes as well
  as fake 80's news stories paying tribute to the rich history of the gaming
  industry. Whether it's 80's nostalgia for the seasoned gamer or experiencing
  classic 8-bit game play for the first time, Retro Game Challenge has something
  for everyone.
release: 2007-11-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Retro Game Challenge (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Retro Game Challenge (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Retro Game Challenge (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Retro Game Challenge (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Retro Game Challenge (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA)/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA).json
developer: NIS
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Originally released in 2000, Rhapsody: A Musical Adventure is a musical RPG that
  has musical numbers, complete with vocals. The game has a wide appeal thanks to
  its simple game style and clean anime art. Players will take on the role of
  Cornet, who can talk to puppets and has a magical horn that grants wishes. She
  must save Prince Ferdinand, who has been turned into stone by an evil witch.
release: 2008-09-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA)/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).json
developer: Neverland
publisher: Natsume
genre: Life Simulation;Role-Playing
description:
  Rune Factory: A Fantasy Harvest Moon you'll help a young man with amnesia build
  a new life. Laguna doesn't know who he is or where he comes from, so he goes
  looking for answers. He meets & befriends a young woman named Mist, who puts you
  to work on her farm. As you help her tend to the crops, you'll try and build a
  life for yourself in the Harvest Moon world.
release: 2007-08-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: 5th Cell
publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive
genre: Puzzle
description:
  What Will You Write?
  .
  Help Maxwell reach the Starlite by solving each challenge. Write any object you
  can think of and watch it come to life. Try another word and watch an entirely
  different solution unfold. With your stylus and imagination, the possibilities
  are endless!
release: 2009-09-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Firaxis Games
publisher: 2K Games
genre: Strategy
description:
  Built from the ground up solely for console and handheld gamers at 2K's
  world-renowned and award-winning Firaxis development studio, Civilization
  Revolution features fast-paced, pick-up-and-play action involving strategic
  global domination and history's most intrepid leaders, as well as a highly
  competitive multi-player experience. Civilization Revolution brings the renowned
  Civilization franchise to consoles for the first time, delivering the vast
  re-playability and unmatched addictive gameplay that has become synonymous with
  the works of Sid Meier. New graphical touches and a streamlined interface will
  transport the Civilization franchise to a level that fans have never seen
  before.
release: 2008-07-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Dimps
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Sonic the Hedgehog has a new partner, Blaze the Cat, in this fast-paced
  platformer, Sonic Rush. You can play as either Sonic or Blaze as you try to
  track down powerful Sol emeralds. Sonic Rush displays the level over both
  screens, allowing for screen-spanning jumps and dives. Some gameplay modes
  include stylus support as well.
release: 2005-11-15
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Marvelous Entertainment
publisher: Mastiff
genre: Shooter
description:
  Space Invaders Revolution is a new take on the series, which marks a true
  progression over any version before it: New types of invaders, new rules and new
  ways to destroy them. Contains a faithful reproduction of the original arcade
  machine in Classic Mode. New Era mode: the simple rules of Space Invaders are
  expanded and twisted into a revolutionary step for the classic franchise. New
  Era mode takes the form of a world tour, with the player confronting the Space
  Invaders at 20 recognisable geographical locations. In total there are 60 levels
  to defend and 13 different types of invader to battle. Power-ups include
  protective shields, additional support craft, rapid-fire shots and
  column-clearing laser beams - essential aides as the action becomes
  progressively more intense. Power-ups can be used in combination: using support
  craft with laser results in three laser beams, decimating multiple waves of
  invaders with every press of the fire button.
release: 2005-09-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl)/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).json
developer: Griptonite Games
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Construction and Management Simulation;Strategy
description:
  SPORE takes players on an epic journey from the origin and evolution of life
  through the development of civilization and eventually into the outer reaches of
  space. Create a creature, then control every dimension of its evolution from
  pond scum to galactic god. Experience multiple styles of gameplay as your
  creature advances through different stages of development. Fight for survival in
  the wild, develop a sprawling metropolis, trade and war against rival
  civilizations and explore the outer reaches of the galaxy. Every aspect of the
  universe from creatures to vehicles, buildings to plants, are created by the
  player and automatically shared with other players, providing a limitless number
  of worlds to explore and play. Create, control and explore your universe with
  SPORE.
release: 2008-09-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Fox Command (USA, Australia)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Star Fox Command (USA, Australia)/Star Fox Command (USA, Australia).json
developer: Q-Games Ltd.
publisher: Nintendo Co., Ltd.
genre: Shooter
description:
  Star Fox Command lets you hop into your fight through a unique branching
  storyline of missions, all rendered in gorgeous 3-D. This game brings a whole
  new strategic element to the series, with a commander's view of the mission.
  Using the touch screen, players can draw the routes they and their teammates
  will take. Battle the enemies they encounter as they take over bases and
  strategically advance across the map. Players can also blow their friends out of
  the sky, as they dogfight 8 players over a local wireless connection -- or take
  on 4 players from around the world on Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
release: 2006-08-29
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Fox Command (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Fox Command (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Fox Command (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Fox Command (USA, Australia).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Fox Command (USA, Australia).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Mario 64 DS (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Super Mario 64 DS (USA)/Super Mario 64 DS (USA).json
developer: Nintendo EAD
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Super Mario 64, the classic 3D platformer for the Nintendo 64, arrives on the
  Nintendo DS with all-new features that take advantage of the portable system's
  dual screens, touch screen, and wireless multiplayer capability. Like the
  original game, Super Mario 64 DS challenges you to find all the power stars
  hidden throughout the royal castle in the effort to free Peach imprisoned inside
  the castle. This time, you can play as Mario, Luigi, Wario, and Yoshi, each of
  whom has unique abilities. Overcome the challenges on your own or battle up to
  three of your friends in the multiplayer modes.
release: 2004-11-21
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Mario 64 DS (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Mario 64 DS (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Mario 64 DS (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Mario 64 DS (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Mario 64 DS (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Princess Peach (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Super Princess Peach (USA)/Super Princess Peach (USA).json
developer: Tose Software
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Princess Power! Bowser's up to no good again...but this time, it's Princess
  Peach to the rescue! When Mario, Luigi, and the Mushroom Castle Toads get
  kidnapped it's up to Peach and her magical umbrella to save them. Feel the
  vibes! Use the Touch Screen on the DS to channel Peach's emotional vibes into
  special abilities. Float when she's happy, burn through walls when she's mad, or
  make vegetation grow with her tears! Save Mario! Join the princess as she runs,
  jumps, floats, and fights her way through eight worlds, from Fury Volcano to
  Spooky Shriek Mansion. Keep your eyes peeled! Every area hides secrets,
  including Touch-Screen Minigames, cool puzzles, and and plenty of power ups for
  both Peach and her umbrella!
release: 2005-10-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Princess Peach (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Princess Peach (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Princess Peach (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Princess Peach (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Princess Peach (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt)/Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).json
developer: 5th Cell
publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive
genre: Puzzle
description:
  In this new game created and developed by 5TH Cell, players use the stylus and
  touch screen to help Maxwell, the game's hero, acquire the "Starite," the prize
  earned from solving the puzzle in even more robust challenges and redesigned
  levels. Players now have the ability to write any object that comes to mind and
  modify it in any way they desire using adjectives to reach the goal in each
  level. Adjectives can change the color, size, elements, behaviors and many other
  aspects of the object they are describing. Multiple adjectives can be combined
  together to produce incredibly creative objects, allowing the player's
  imagination to run wild for a truly unique and individualistic experience.
release: 2010-10-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tetris DS (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Tetris DS (USA)/Tetris DS (USA).json
developer: Nintendo SPD Group No.2
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Puzzle
description:
  You can rediscover the timeless puzzle game Tetris on your Nintendo DS with
  Tetris DS. Now you can choose from six different game modes, all of which take
  advantage of the DS's touch screen. Each game mode features a theme from another
  Nintendo franchise, such as The Legend of Zelda or Metroid. You can challenge up
  to nine other players using one cartridge for local multiplayer play or three
  other players around the world with the DS's Wi-Fi connection.
release: 2006-03-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tetris DS (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tetris DS (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tetris DS (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tetris DS (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tetris DS (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA)/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA).json
developer: tri-Ace
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  The origins of a cult classic are revealed in VALKYRIE PROFILE: Covenant of the
  Plume, the third entry in the critically acclaimed VALKYRIE PROFILE series.
  Development studio tri-Ace returns to craft a gameplay experience that boasts a
  captivating storyline with ties to Norse mythology and a familiar yet refreshing
  battle system enhanced with deeper strategic elements.
release: 2009-03-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: WarioWare - Touched! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/WarioWare - Touched! (USA)/WarioWare - Touched! (USA).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  Wario makes his debut on the Nintendo DS with hundreds of all-new minigames. Now
  you must complete your goals by using the touch screen and a stylus. Tap,
  scratch, and rub your stylus on the touch screen to play minigames that have you
  do everything from milking a cow and drawing a mustache to hurling stars at evil
  ninjas. You can even play some minigames by blowing into the DS's built-in
  microphone. The more minigames you clear, the more characters and items you
  unlock.
release: 2005-02-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/WarioWare - Touched! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/WarioWare - Touched! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/WarioWare - Touched! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/WarioWare - Touched! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/WarioWare - Touched! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Platformer;2D
description:
  Introducing the lovable, yet trouble making alien who has been left by his ship.
  He needs to flip, rub and draw his way through dynamic levels, avoiding enemies
  trying to foil his way home. Bringing a whole new fun type of game play to the
  Nintendo DS, players launch the character with the wire to help him reach his
  goal while overcoming the crazy obstacles and enemies that get in his way!
  Benefit from no time limits or dangerous enemies. Mistakes don't affect your
  lifeline!
release: 2009-11-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Yoshi's Island DS (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Nintendo/Nintendo DS/Yoshi's Island DS (USA)/Yoshi's Island DS (USA).json
developer: Nintendo
publisher: Nintendo
genre: Platform
description:
  Return to the colorful wilds of Yoshi's Island in a new platforming adventure. A
  mysterious floating island has suddenly appeared over peaceful Yoshi’s Island.
  Soon after its arrival, a gaggle of kids vanishes from the island school.
  Thankfully, Baby Mario, Baby Peach and Baby Donkey Kong manage to avoid being
  kidnapped. Now, Yoshi and the three young superstars must set out on a wild and
  colorful quest to rescue the kids and investigate the ominous island hovering
  overhead.
release: 2006-11-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Yoshi's Island DS (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Yoshi's Island DS (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Yoshi's Island DS (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Yoshi's Island DS (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Yoshi's Island DS (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


