collection: Computer - Humble Bundle
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Computer - Humble Bundle" {file.path}


game: Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/A/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA)/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).json
developer: Frictional Games
publisher: Frictional Games
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  In Amnesia: The Dark Descent, the player takes on the role of Daniel, an
  amnesiac man trapped in the mansion of a Prussian Baron named Alexander. The
  only clues to Daniel's true identity are mementos and notes left behind by
  Daniel himself, who reminds himself to find and kill Alexander. Gameplay has the
  player searching for Daniel's diaries and other notes and journals of the poor
  souls who have crossed Baron Alexander. The player must solve the mystery of the
  mansion while running from a Shadow that is constantly chasing the player
  throughout the game.
  .
  The game takes place from a first person perspective, however there are no
  weapons. Daniel cannot fight monsters and the only choice is to run or hide.
  Along with self-preservation, the players must keep the hero sane. In order to
  stay sane, he must keep moving and pushing the plot forward, as well as making
  sure there is always light. It is often necessary to scour every corner for oil
  and tinderboxes. Oil will allow Daniel to use a lamp to provide him with light
  and tinderboxes can be used to light candles and torches strewn throughout the
  mansion. If Daniel remains in the dark for too long, he will gradually lose his
  sanity. As Daniel loses sanity, the world will distort and become hard to
  navigate and the monsters will be able to sense the player. The player must
  evade the monsters entirely, but this will affect Daniel's sanity as to hide
  from the monsters, the player must also hide in the dark. The player must also
  never look at the monsters because if Daniel stares at them too long, his sanity
  will be fully compromised.
  .
  The player must solve various puzzles and the game is very much a fully
  interactive adventure game. Interaction with the environment is performed by
  using a physics based method where the mouse is emulated as a hand, meaning the
  player will need to rotate it to turn wheels or use it to grab drawers and pull
  them open by moving the mouse. It is also possible to pick up objects and throw
  them to distract the shadow or solve certain physical puzzles.
release: 2010-09-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Amnesia - The Dark Descent (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Among the Sleep (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/A/Among the Sleep (USA)/Among the Sleep (USA).json
developer: Krillbite Studio
publisher: Krillbite Studio
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Among the Sleep is a first person horror adventure, in which you play a two year
  old child. After waking up in the middle of the night to mysterious sounds, you
  start exploring the dark looking for comfort.
  .
  The game explores horror through atmosphere and exploration, not with scores and
  combat systems. In Among the Sleep you’re vulnerable, scared, and trying to make
  sense of the world.
release: 2014-05-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Among the Sleep (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Among the Sleep (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Among the Sleep (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Among the Sleep (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Among the Sleep (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Bastion (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/B/Bastion (USA)/Bastion (USA).json
developer: Supergiant Games
publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Bastion is an isometric action/role playing game. It's the story of a city known
  as Caelondia after it has been destroyed by a disaster called "Calamity". The
  game follows a silent protagonist known as "The Kid" who tries to create a safe
  haven (Bastion) with the help of Rucks, who is also the narrator of the game.
  The kid has to defeat the game's many foes with a variety of melee and ranged
  weapons and also special skills. The Bastion, which acts as some sort of
  headquarters in the game, can be upgraded with useful buildings as the player
  progresses.
  .
  As the Kid travels through the world, he will discover new weapons, upgrade
  materials, mementos and fragments. Mementos can be discussed with other
  characters residing in the Bastion and may reveal more about the world. The Kid
  can only hold two weapons and one special skill at a time, which may require
  switching them with others, considering the player's preferences and the
  enemies' weaknesses. The fragments are the game's main currency and they can be
  collected after destroying objects, defeating enemies and, sometimes, by simply
  finding them. The player can later use them in the Bastion in order to purchase
  upgrades and useful trinkets.
  .
  The Bastion encloses a total of six buildings which the Kid can restore and
  utilize. In the Distillery, the player can assign spirits (drinks) to a maximum
  of ten slots, providing various passive bonuses during the gameplay. At the
  beginning, only one slot is available for use, the rest being unlocked one by
  one every time the Kid levels up. The Arsenal stores all the weapons that the
  protagonist gathers during his adventures; the player can switch weapons and
  special skills here. The weapons are enhanced and upgraded in the Forge, and
  this is possible only after collecting the required upgrade materials in the
  world. The Memorial offers various challenges, which if completed reward the
  player with additional fragments. In Lost-and-Found, the player can spend
  fragments in order to restore upgrade materials and unlock idols and spirits.
  Finally, the game difficulty can be increased by invoking the gods in the
  Shrine.
  .
  One of the notable features in the game is dynamic narration. Narrating in the
  game is based on the player's actions. For example, when the kid has fallen from
  a height the narrator gives a comment about the incident.
release: 2011-08-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bastion (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bastion (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bastion (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bastion (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Bastion (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Beat Hazard Ultra (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/B/Beat Hazard Ultra (USA)/Beat Hazard Ultra (USA).json
developer: ShadowRage
publisher: ShadowRage
genre: Action;Shooter;Shoot-'Em-Up;Top-Down
description:
  Beat Hazard Ultra DLC adds awesome new features to Beat Hazard, taking the
  game to the next level. More games mode, enemies and bosses. Play online
  Head to Head or Co-op. Unlock and upgrade perks and customize your set-up
  to suit your play style.
  .
  Key features:
  .
  - Power-up with 3 new tactical weapons: Micro Missiles, Reflect Shield
  and Ultra Beam.\n
  - Online play; Co-op and Head to Head\n
  - New bosses and enemy ships\n
  - New perk system with 3 kick ass weapon upgrades\n
  - Boss Rush Mode\n
  - New achievements & Leaderboards\n
  - 1.5 hours of cool new Indie tracks\n
  - And now turn it up to 200% visual feedback! Yikes! (Or turn it down
  to 50% if you wish)\n
release: 2009-10-28
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Beat Hazard Ultra (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Beat Hazard Ultra (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Beat Hazard Ultra (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Beat Hazard Ultra (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Beat Hazard Ultra (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Beatbuddy - Tale of the Guardians (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/B/Beatbuddy - Tale of the Guardians (USA)/Beatbuddy - Tale of the Guardians (USA).json
developer: Threaks
publisher: Reverb Publishing
genre: Action;Adventure;Music
description:
  Awakened from his slumber, Beatbuddy journeys through lush hand-painted
  environments on a quest to save his companions and his own immortality.
  Beatbuddy interacts with the living breathing environment that pulses to the
  beat of an original soundtrack, aiding him as he unlocks new paths and solves
  puzzles.
release: 2013-08-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Beatbuddy - Tale of the Guardians (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Beatbuddy - Tale of the Guardians (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Beatbuddy - Tale of the Guardians (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Beatbuddy - Tale of the Guardians (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Beatbuddy - Tale of the Guardians (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Braid (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/B/Braid (USA)/Braid (USA).json
developer: Number None
publisher: Number None
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Braid is a puzzle-platformer, drawn in a painterly style, where the player
  manipulates the flow of time in strange and unusual ways. From a house in the
  city, journey to a series of worlds and solve puzzles to rescue an abducted
  princess. In each world, you have a different power to affect the way time
  behaves, and it is time's strangeness that creates the puzzles. Braid treats
  your time and attention as precious; there is no filler in this game. Every
  puzzle shows you something new and interesting about the game world.
release: 2009-04-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Braid (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Braid (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Braid (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Braid (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Braid (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Brutal Legend (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/B/Brutal Legend (USA)/Brutal Legend (USA).json
developer: Double Fine Productions
publisher: Double Fine Productions
genre: Action;Music;Sandbox;Strategy;Beat 'em Up
description:
  From the mind of Tim Schafer (Psychonauts, Grim Fandango) comes Brütal Legend,
  the ultimate heavy metal action game starring Jack Black (School of Rock,
  Tenacious D). You are heavy metal roadie Eddie Riggs, hurled back in time to the
  mythical Age of Metal when the world was formed and ruled by the power of Rock!
  Armed with a broadaxe, a guitar, and a big block V8 you set off on an epic quest
  to assemble an army of headbangers, hot rods, barbarians, demonic dominatrix,
  and the undead. With the wings of a demon and the power of a Rock God, you must
  lead humanity in an epic war against its barbaric overlords, and carve your name
  forever into the Brutal Legend.
  .
  In Brütal Legend, you'll roam through a massive open-world born from the hell
  fires of heavy metal. In this world you can rev up any vehicle, rock its
  weapons, and crush the enemies of metal. You'll also learn to devastate with
  your guitar, playing face-melting solos that actually melt the faces of your
  enemies, command savage armies, bang skulls in hand-to-hand combat, and rise
  like a bat out of hell to command blood-drenched action from above. As if that
  wasn't enough, you can slay your friends and foes online, then play guitar licks
  on their graves! Of course, Brutal Legend is only complete with the most
  ultimate heavy metal soundtrack ever assembled in a game.
release: 2013-02-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Brutal Legend (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Brutal Legend (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Brutal Legend (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Brutal Legend (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Brutal Legend (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Crawl (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/C/Crawl (USA)/Crawl (USA).json
developer: Powerhoof
publisher: Powerhoof
genre: Action;Role-Playing;Beat 'em Up;Party
description:
  Crawl is the dungeon crawler where your friends control the monsters! Battle
  through randomly generated dungeons full of cruel traps and horrid beasts- all
  controlled by the other players. If a friend kills you they take your place and
  it's their turn to crawl! It's a race to gain enough XP and loot to face them
  all as they control the flailing limbs of the hulking final boss!
  .
  A NEW SPIN ON DUNGEON CRAWLING\n
  - Every trap and monster can be controlled by your real-life buddies!\n
  - Play solo or with up to 4 in local-multiplayer.\n
  - Vicious single player AI, challenges to master, and items to unlock.
  .
  TURBO CHARGED ROLE PLAYING\n
  - Level up and amass a huge variety of weapons, spells and items in each 30
  minute game.\n
  - Evolve over 60 unique monsters from mere vermin into powerful demons and
  undead warriors.\n
  - Play with Controllers, Keyboard or Mouse
release: 2014-08-06
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crawl (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crawl (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crawl (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crawl (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Crawl (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Crayon Physics Deluxe (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/C/Crayon Physics Deluxe (USA)/Crayon Physics Deluxe (USA).json
developer: Kloonigames
publisher: Kloonigames
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Crayon Physics Deluxe is a 2D physics puzzle / sandbox game, in which you get to
  experience what it would be like if your drawings would be magically transformed
  into real physical objects. Solve puzzles with your artistic vision and creative
  use of physics.
release: 2009-01-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crayon Physics Deluxe (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crayon Physics Deluxe (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crayon Physics Deluxe (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crayon Physics Deluxe (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Crayon Physics Deluxe (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Crimsonland (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/C/Crimsonland (USA)/Crimsonland (USA).json
developer: 10tons Ltd.
publisher: Reflexive Entertainment
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Crimsonland is an enhanced version of the 2003 game Crimsonland. It is a
  top-down arcade arena shooter that is similar in design to the original game.
  The player controls a character that needs to survive in an arena against wave
  of enemies. Just like the original game there are various weapons and power-ups,
  but with an overhaul for the visual style.
  .
  There are two main game modes: Quests and Survival. Quests consists of six sets
  of ten levels that need to be completed one by one to progress. They have a
  fixed ending reached when a progression bar near the top is completely filled.
  By killing monsters the character gains experience and eventually unlocks about
  30 weapons and 55 perks. There are three difficulty levels. Survival consists of
  five separate modes (Survival, Rush, Blitz, Weapon Picker, and Nukefism) each
  with their own rules for weapons and perks. Some start with an assault rifle,
  others let you pick weapons and perks at the beginning or after leveling up, or
  offer limited ammo, etc. In each of these modes the goal is to survive as long
  as possible without an ending.
  .
  The arenas are always slightly larger than a single-screen environment and
  enemies appear from all directions. The character can be moved around and can
  also shoot in any direction. The cross-hair counts down the remaining ammo and
  then the weapon needs to be reloaded. A blue circle surrounding the character
  shows the remaining health. Various power-ups and weapons can be picked up by
  destroying enemies, but only one weapon can be carried at all times. There are
  also bomb power-ups that destroy all enemies in the vicinity
  .
  The game has online leaderboards and supports four-player cooperative games in a
  local multiplayer mode.
release: 2003-04-18
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crimsonland (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crimsonland (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crimsonland (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crimsonland (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Crimsonland (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Crowntakers (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/C/Crowntakers (USA)/Crowntakers (USA).json
developer: Bulwark Studios
publisher: Kasedo Games
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  In an ever-changing world, heroes are the only constants.
  .
  Dark times are imminent: the king’s abduction throws a once peaceful land into
  turmoil. Being the chosen one elected by the king himself through one of your
  dreams, you embark on an adventurous journey to free him from the hands of the
  evil duke and go down in history as the kingdom’s greatest hero. But time is of
  the essence...
  .
  Crowntakers combines turn-based strategy with RPG elements and takes you at the
  behest of the crown into a medieval fantasy world full of challenging encounters
  and epic adventures. With its randomly generated world, Crowntakers offers a
  varied gaming experience every time you set out to fight evil. As a hero on a
  mission, you’ll have to assemble a group of brave mercenaries to take on cruel
  enemies like barbarians, ferocious animals or deceitful thieves. Embark on
  challenging quests, gather vital resources and finally banish evil from the
  world.
release: 2014-11-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crowntakers (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crowntakers (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crowntakers (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crowntakers (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Crowntakers (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Curse of the Crescent Isle DX (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/C/Curse of the Crescent Isle DX (USA)/Curse of the Crescent Isle DX (USA).json
developer: Adam Mowery
publisher: Self-Published
genre: Platform
description:
  A curse has befallen the Crescent Isle and it's up to you to save them. Luckily
  the curse has transformed your people into helpful monsters such as drills,
  blobs, icicles, and gravity flipping...things. With your monster subjects in
  hand you'll have to drill through rocks, maneuver through spiky terrain, freeze
  water to pass over the sea, and restore your kingdom to its former glory.
  .
  Key features:\n
  Story Mode\n
  Speedrun Mode\n
  Boss Rush Mode\n
  Sound Test\n
  Local Co-op\n
  Updated graphics and sound (from the Xbox 360 version)\n
  Updated game engine with improved physics (ish)
release: 2015-08-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Curse of the Crescent Isle DX (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Curse of the Crescent Isle DX (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Curse of the Crescent Isle DX (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Curse of the Crescent Isle DX (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Curse of the Crescent Isle DX (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Day of the Tentacle Remastered (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/D/Day of the Tentacle Remastered (USA)/Day of the Tentacle Remastered (USA).json
developer: LucasArts
publisher: Double Fine Productions
genre: Adventure
description:
  Originally released by LucasArts in 1993 as a sequel to Ron Gilbert’s ground
  breaking Maniac Mansion, Day of the Tentacle is a mind-bending, time travel,
  cartoon puzzle adventure game in which three unlikely friends work together to
  prevent an evil mutated purple tentacle from taking over the world!
  .
  Now, over twenty years later, Day of the Tentacle is back in a remastered
  edition that features all new hand-drawn, high resolution artwork, with
  remastered audio, music and sound effects (which the original 90s marketing
  blurb described as ‘zany!’).
release: 2016-03-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Day of the Tentacle Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Day of the Tentacle Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Day of the Tentacle Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Day of the Tentacle Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Day of the Tentacle Remastered (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Doodle God (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/D/Doodle God (USA)/Doodle God (USA).json
developer: JoyBits Ltd.
publisher: JoyBits Ltd.
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Every Element & Reaction Have Been Beautifully Redrawn with this amazing 8-bit
  skin to original Doodle God. If You Loved Doodle God - try this unique version
  of one of the most original games in the world.
  .
  Go back to the 80s in this addictive, ALL ages, puzzle world building game. Mix
  and match different element combinations to build the universe of your dreams.
  The entire game has been beautifully redrawn in pixel graphics with an awesome
  new 8-bit soundtrack that takes you back to the very beginning of video games.\n
  Of course the universe was not created in a day.
  .
  You’ll have to work your up from a simple microorganism to create animals,
  tools, storms and even build armies before you have what it takes to build the
  universe! But beware, the power of creation may have unintended consequences,
  inventing the wheel might just trigger a zombie plague... Don’t worry, you are not
  alone on this cosmic journey! Every time you successfully create a new item
  you’ll be rewarded with the wit and wisdom of some of the greatest philosophers
  and comedians of all time. Unleash your inner god with Doodle God™!
  .
  The World’s Best Puzzle Game Just Got Pixelated!
release: 2016-11-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Doodle God (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Doodle God (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Doodle God (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Doodle God (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Doodle God (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dungeon Defenders (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/D/Dungeon Defenders (USA)/Dungeon Defenders (USA).json
developer: Trendy Entertainment
publisher: Trendy Entertainment
genre: Action;Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Dungeon Defenders is a Tower Defense Action-RPG where you must save the land of
  Etheria from an Ancient Evil! Create a hero from one of four distinct classes to
  fight back wave after wave of enemies by summoning defenses and directly
  participating in the action-packed combat!
  .
  Customize and level your character, forge equipment, gather loot, collect pets
  and more! Take your hero through multiple difficulty modes and
  challenge/survival missions to earn more experience & even better treasure. Join
  your friends with 4-player online and local (splitscreen) co-op to plan your
  strategies together or compete in PvP Deathmatch.
release: 2011-10-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dungeon Defenders (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dungeon Defenders (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dungeon Defenders (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dungeon Defenders (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dungeon Defenders (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dungeons of Dredmor Complete (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/D/Dungeons of Dredmor Complete (USA)/Dungeons of Dredmor Complete (USA).json
developer: Gaslamp Games
publisher: Gaslamp Games
genre: Role-Playing;Roguelike
description:
  Long ago, the Dark Lord Dredmor was bound in the darkest dungeons beneath the
  earth by great and mighty heroes. Centuries later, the magical bonds that hold
  him in place are loosening and his power grows ever stronger. The land cries out
  for a new hero, a powerful warrior or a mystic wizard like those spoken of in
  the prophecies of yore.
release: 2011-07-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dungeons of Dredmor Complete (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dungeons of Dredmor Complete (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dungeons of Dredmor Complete (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dungeons of Dredmor Complete (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dungeons of Dredmor Complete (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dynamite Jack (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/D/Dynamite Jack (USA)/Dynamite Jack (USA).json
developer: Hassey Enterprises
publisher: Hassey Enterprises
genre: Stealth
description:
  Dynamite Jack must blast his way to freedom! Jack, a brave space marine, armed
  with only bombs and a flashlight, must escape the Anathema Mines! Use stealth to
  sneak past guards and bombs to obliterate enemies in this intense top-down
  action-adventure.
release: 2012-05-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dynamite Jack (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dynamite Jack (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dynamite Jack (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dynamite Jack (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dynamite Jack (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Eets Munchies (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/E/Eets Munchies (USA)/Eets Munchies (USA).json
developer: Klei Entertainment
publisher: Klei Entertainment
genre: Puzzle
description:
  A beautiful puzzle game for the whole family! Eets Munchies is a reimagining of
  the award-winning puzzle game by Klei Entertainment. Featuring gorgeous
  animation and ridiculous creatures, players help an adorable hungry creature
  devour cake in increasingly devious puzzles.
release: 2014-03-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Eets Munchies (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Eets Munchies (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Eets Munchies (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Eets Munchies (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Eets Munchies (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: FTL - Faster than Light (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/F/FTL - Faster than Light (USA)/FTL - Faster than Light (USA).json
developer: Subset Games
publisher: Subset Games
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy;Vehicle Simulation
description:
  FTL: Faster Than Light is a tactical spaceship combat simulator, however rather
  than commanding a ship directly, the player manages and commands the crew of a
  ship in addition to several ship systems (power, weapons, shields, etc).
  Navigating the ship across a sector of space is turn-based, but ship-to-ship
  combat plays out in real-time. The game can be paused to make it easier to order
  the crew about in the heat of battle. Crew members can be sent to different
  stations (ship rooms) by selecting a crew member and clicking on his destination
  inside the ship. The ship layout is presented in a simple top down layout
  consisting of various rooms and corridors. There are more things the crew can
  do, such as fight fires, seal hull breaches and defend against invaders who beam
  aboard. Crew experience plays a vital role in the long run, as only a highly
  skilled crew can survive the later more difficult levels.
  .
  The game begins with a rather basic ship (several other models can be unlocked
  by completing achievements) and several crew members with no skills. The mission
  is to escape the pursuing Rebel forces by navigating eight sectors and reach the
  Federation Base in order to deliver vital information concerning the Rebels. The
  game is quite difficult and just reaching sector 5 unlocks an achievement. Along
  the way, you may encounters friendly or hostile forces consisting of Rebel
  patrols, Federation allies, distress beacons and traders who can supply improved
  weapons or special ship augmentations. For a price of course. Eventually the
  Rebels will advance far enough into a sector to make escape almost impossible,
  so while it is useful to explore as much as possible, making sure you can escape
  intact is vital.
  .
  The entire universe is randomly generated each time so no two attempts will be
  alike. The player also won't know exactly what sectors they will have to
  navigate until they get closer. Most encounters are randomly generated as well
  though the game steadily becomes more and more difficult with each passing
  sector.
  .
  Unlocking achievements allows the game to be played with a different starting
  ship and crew. Some require a completely different approach. For example the
  Engi cruiser has weak offensive weaponry but can often disable enemy weapons and
  keep the enemy harmless while it either uses remote drones to attack or powers
  up it's engine and escapes.
  .
  Faster Than Light is all about tactics and planing ahead. Though it features
  many different weapons and ship systems, it's up to the player to come up with
  tactics that will use such upgrades effectively rather than just get bigger guns
  and fight bigger enemies. To win the game it is necessary to learn which tactics
  work and survive long enough to reach the Federation forces and help them defeat
  the Rebels.
release: 2012-09-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/FTL - Faster than Light (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/FTL - Faster than Light (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/FTL - Faster than Light (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/FTL - Faster than Light (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/FTL - Faster than Light (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Faerie Solitaire (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/F/Faerie Solitaire (USA)/Faerie Solitaire (USA).json
developer: Subsoap
publisher: Subsoap
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Have magical fun in the addicting Card game, Faerie Solitaire! Find and raise a
  Faerie pet and repopulate the magical land of Avalon using the resources found
  by clearing each level.
  .
  Earn enough gold to purchase unique powerups and specialized upgrades, making
  each stage a breeze. Chain together combos to fill up your energy meter and save
  the Faeries!
  .
  With 8 worlds, 40 levels, over 400 hands to play through, loads of upgrades to
  buy, and one exciting adventure, Faerie Solitaire will have you hooked for
  months, giving you the very best value over any other game available today.
release: 2010-09-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Faerie Solitaire (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Faerie Solitaire (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Faerie Solitaire (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Faerie Solitaire (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Faerie Solitaire (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Fez (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/F/Fez (USA)/Fez (USA).json
developer: Polytron
publisher: Polytron
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Gomez is a 2D creature living in a 2D world. Or is he? When the existence of a
  mysterious 3rd dimension is revealed to him, Gomez is sent out on a journey that
  will take him to the very end of time and space. Use your ability to navigate 3D
  structures from 4 distinct classic 2D perspectives. Explore a serene and
  beautiful open-ended world full of secrets, puzzles and hidden treasures.
  Unearth the mysteries of the past and discover the truth about reality and
  perception, in this phenomenal puzzle-platformer!
release: 2013-05-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fez (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fez (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fez (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fez (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Fez (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Fotonica (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/F/Fotonica (USA)/Fotonica (USA).json
developer: Santa Ragione
publisher: Santa Ragione
genre: Action
description:
  Ever wondered what running at 140mph feels like? FOTONICA is a first-person game
  about the thrill of speed and traveling flawlessly through complex environments.
  .
  FOTONICA is simple, but is not easy: it follows a tradition of arcade games that
  are easy to pick up and almost impossible to master. A multi-layered level
  design across eight different tracks, together with a procedural endless mode
  make for a game that is incredibly deep. Think you can outrun your friends? Try
  the split-screen versus challenges.
  .
  The visuals are a treat for the nostalgic player but also for those hungry for
  new aesthetics. Every pixel is drawn to convey the maximum sense of speed, an
  exhilarating journey through light and void.
release: 2014-11-06
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fotonica (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fotonica (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fotonica (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fotonica (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Fotonica (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Grim Fandango Remastered (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/G/Grim Fandango Remastered (USA)/Grim Fandango Remastered (USA).json
developer: Double Fine Productions, Inc.
publisher: Double Fine Productions, Inc.
genre: Adventure
description:
  Based on various legends of Mexican folklore, Grim Fandango is packed to the
  hilt with dancing skeletons, crime, romance, and much more. You play Manny
  Calavera, a mid-level worker at the Department of Death (the DOD) who's trying
  to work off his sins in life so that he can get to his final reward. As a
  reaper, Manny frees incoming souls from their shrouds, finds out what kind of
  underworld travel packages their goodness in life has earned them, and then
  sends them on their way. Unfortunately, business hasn't been very good for Manny
  of late. As the game begins, Calavera is told that he must sell a premium travel
  package to a soul or lose his job. In his search, Manny uncovers a hideous plot,
  a beautiful woman, and a crew of loyal friends (not necessarily in that order).
  .
  Based on the acclaimed 1998 classic, this remake of Tim Schafer's original
  adventure title employs the stunning technology used to bring Broken Age to life
  for a fresh new way to experience Grim Fandango.
release: 2015-01-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Grim Fandango Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Grim Fandango Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Grim Fandango Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Grim Fandango Remastered (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Grim Fandango Remastered (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hacknet (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/H/Hacknet (USA)/Hacknet (USA).json
developer: Team Fractal Alligator
publisher: Surprise Attack
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Hacknet is an immersive, terminal-based hacking simulator for PC. Dive down a
  rabbit hoIe as you follow the instructions of a recently deceased hacker, whose
  death may not have been the accident the media reports. Using old school command
  prompts and real hacking processes, you’ll solve the mystery with minimal
  hand-holding and a rich world full of secrets to explore.
  .
  Bit, a hacker responsible for creating the most invasive security system on the
  planet, is dead. When he fails to reconnect to his system for 14 days, his
  failsafe kicks in, sending instructions in automated emails to a lone user. As
  that user, it’s up to you to unravel the mystery and ensure that Hacknet-OS
  doesn't fall into the wrong hands.
  .
  Exploring the volatile nature of personal privacy, the prevalence of corporate
  greed, and the hidden powers of hackers on the internet, Hacknet delivers a true
  hacking simulation, while offering a support system that allows total beginners
  get a grasp of the real-world applications and commands found throughout the
  game.
release: 2015-08-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hacknet (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hacknet (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hacknet (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hacknet (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hacknet (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Hand of Fate (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/H/Hand of Fate (USA)/Hand of Fate (USA).json
developer: Defiant Development
publisher: Defiant Development
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  In Hand of Fate, players collect equipment, items, artifacts and enemies as
  in-game collectible cards in a card based RPG; then play their deck, bringing to
  video game life a beautiful 3D world in which gamers make difficult decisions.
  Sometimes their choices have unexpected consequences and players must crush
  their foes utilizing a third person action-adventure combat system. The more
  bosses a player defeats, the more cards they obtain.
release: 2015-02-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hand of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hand of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hand of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hand of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Hand of Fate (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Home - A Unique Horror Adventure (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/H/Home - A Unique Horror Adventure (USA)/Home - A Unique Horror Adventure (USA).json
developer: Benjamin Rivers
publisher: Benjamin Rivers
genre: Adventure;General
description:
  Home is a unique horror adventure set in a beautifully-realized pixel world.
  It's a murder mystery with a twist - because you decide what ultimately happens.
release: 2012-06-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Home - A Unique Horror Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Home - A Unique Horror Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Home - A Unique Horror Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Home - A Unique Horror Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Home - A Unique Horror Adventure (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Knock-Knock (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/K/Knock-Knock (USA)/Knock-Knock (USA).json
developer: Ice-pick Lodge
publisher: Ice-Pick Lodge
genre: Horror
description:
  There is an unusual cabin deep in the woods. It had served as a laboratory and a
  dwelling for three generations of Lodgers.
  .
  But as of late the latest Lodger has been noticing weird changes in familiar
  surroundings; things are missing, noises and rattle heard. Something odd is
  coming out of the woods. Come night, it seems like someone's made himself at
  home in the twilight of rooms, attics, and cellars.
  .
  You need to stay awake and sane till dawn.
  .
  The Lodger is wandering the rooms, evading the unknown, counting minutes till
  morning. But it's only in the night that he can solve the main puzzle and find
  the answers. What's going on? Are the Guests real, or are they just figments of
  his insomniac imagination? What'd happened to the forest? What's happening to
  the cabin? Is there a line between reality and imagination?
  .
  Gameplay details:
  .
  - Hide! Play hide-and-seek with denizens of your nightmares.
  .
  - Don't look now! The goal of each night is to reach dawn while still sane.
  .
  - Fill in the gaps. The house aids the Lodger. You only have to fix it up and
  keep it in order.
  .
  - Seek. The Lodger has lost something very important. The reason for what is
  happening is somewhere inside. Everything that is happening can be explained,
  you only need to find the key and bring it to light.
  .
  - Wait. In this game you need to watch and listen carefully. Inspect and
  scrutinize. You only have to last until the sunrise.
  .
  - Follow the rules of the game! Of course you must first understand the game
  being played with you.
release: 2013-10-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Knock-Knock (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Knock-Knock (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Knock-Knock (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Knock-Knock (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Knock-Knock (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Limbo (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/L/Limbo (USA)/Limbo (USA).json
developer: Playdead
publisher: Playdead
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Uncertain of his sister's fate, a boy enters LIMBO.
  .
  Winner of more than 90 awards, including GameInformer's Best Downloadable,
  GameSpot's Best Puzzle Game, Kotaku's The Best Indie Game, GameReactor's Digital
  Game of the Year, Spike TV's Best Independent Game, X-Play's Best Downloadable
  Game and IGN's Best Horror Game.
release: 2011-08-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Limbo (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Limbo (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Limbo (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Limbo (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Limbo (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Lone Survivor - The Director's Cut (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/L/Lone Survivor - The Director's Cut (USA)/Lone Survivor - The Director's Cut (USA).json
developer: superflat games
publisher: Curve Studios
genre: Horror
description:
  Lone Survivor is an independent survival horror video game developed by
  Superflat Games. It was originally released for Microsoft Windows and OS X in
  2012. It was later ported to the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita and released
  on the PlayStation Network in 2013 as Lone Survivor: The Director's Cut.
  .
  The Director's Cut came out on Microsoft Windows and OS X as a free update on 31
  October 2013. In October 2014 the game was also made available for the
  PlayStation 4 and Wii U. The title will be released in physical format on
  PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita on December 30, 2016 through Limited Run
  Games.
  .
  Gameplay\n
  ---------------\n
  Lone Survivor is a post-apocalyptic survival horror game with retro-styled 2D
  graphics in which the player controls a nameless protagonist following
  directions provided by the character's apparent hallucinations. When exploring
  the game world the player will discover items, keys and food. The correct use of
  each item and key must be determined in order to solve the game's puzzles.
  Certain food types can be improved by cooking and/or combining them with others.
  Two-way mirrors found in the game world are used to teleport back to the
  survivor's apartment. Players possess a flashlight with which to navigate the
  game world; using the flashlight drains batteries; replacements can be found by
  scavenging. Mutants must be avoided or killed; a pistol must be found in order
  to attack mutants, but ammunition is scarce. When the pistol's magazine is empty
  the survivor automatically loads a new magazine, leaving him open to attack
  during the process. Mutants are attracted to light and noises, but the player
  can sneak past by hiding in the shadows. The game features a map for players to
  navigate with, however the game does not pause when the game's menus or map are
  accessed, leaving the survivor vulnerable.
  .
  The survivor's apartment serves as a hub; the player must return with food in
  order to survive, as well as sleep. Sleeping prevents madness and is also
  required to save the player's progress. It is possible to combat lack of sleep
  with pills; these further damage the survivor mentally but the resultant
  hallucination may result in extra supplies appearing in the survivor's backpack.
  Progression through the game requires exploration, which fills out the map;
  sometimes specific items must be located in order to proceed further. Failing to
  locate these items can result in resources being spent without new areas being
  opened up, making future attempts more difficult.
  .
  The player's interactions with the game's world and inhabitants result in
  different endings upon completion of the game. These are shown during the game's
  end credits, emphasizing how the player received that particular ending. A
  single playthrough of the game can last between three and eight hours.
release: 2013-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lone Survivor - The Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lone Survivor - The Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lone Survivor - The Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lone Survivor - The Director's Cut (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lone Survivor - The Director's Cut (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Loot Rascals (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/L/Loot Rascals (USA)/Loot Rascals (USA).json
developer: Hollow Ponds
publisher: Hollow Ponds
genre: Adventure
description:
  Only you can rescue Big Barry - your huge robot head pal - from a space theme
  park that’s been invaded by a tentacled pan-dimensional godbeast.
  .
  Explore an alien planet, beat a menagerie of strange baddies and win Loot Cards
  which give you special abilities. Choosing which to equip requires strategic
  thinking - the way you lay them out is crucial, and some must be sacrificed
  because cards are also the precious resources you need to heal and use powerful
  abilities.
  .
  Careful though because baddies can loot you! The cards they steal drop into
  other players’ games. When you defeat an Elite Baddie you’ll get another
  player’s card: will you return it or keep it for yourself?
  .
  Either way, prepare for a visit from that player's Holographic Helper to shower
  you with thanks or terrible vengeance - Loot Rascals is a tale of friendship,
  loss, and redemption!
  .
  Every game is different in this procedurally generated roguelike: gather Loot
  Cards, show the Thing Below who’s boss, and fly Big Barry to victory!
release: 2017-03-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Loot Rascals (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Loot Rascals (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Loot Rascals (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Loot Rascals (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Loot Rascals (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: MANOS - The Hands of Fate (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/M/MANOS - The Hands of Fate (USA)/MANOS - The Hands of Fate (USA).json
developer: FreakZone Games
publisher: FreakZone Games
genre: Platform
description:
  "This game will be bigger than Skyrim!” - Bill Corbett, Rifftrax/Mystery Science
  Theatre 3000
  .
  Remember how every film had it's own platform game adaptation? When every man,
  woman, child, animal and inanimate object were out to get your character? When
  the streets were filled with bats, ghosts and Frankenstein monsters? MANOS:
  Director’s Cut will take you back to the absurd adaptations of the past!
  .
  Lost on their vacation, Mike and his family have wandered the desert trying to
  find a place to stay, only to wind up in the mysterious Valley Lodge. Maintained
  by Torgo, an unusual man/satyr who "takes care of the place while The Master is
  away", the hotel is swimming with paranormal activity which Mike has to brave
  through to find his now missing family. Who is The Master, and what does he want
  with Mike's family? Armed with his trusty revolver, Mike will have to wander the
  haunted halls, venture out into the desert, uncover a dark temple and battle the
  forces of darkness to find out!
  .
  The worst movie of all time is now a video game!\n
  Homages to all of your least favourite terrible movies and games!\n
  Retro-style cut-scenes telling the not-so-classic story of MANOS, with art by
  Matt Kap, the pixel artist from The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth and Castle in the
  Darkness.\n
  Unlockable PLAY AS TORGO mode
release: 2015-07-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/MANOS - The Hands of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/MANOS - The Hands of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/MANOS - The Hands of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/MANOS - The Hands of Fate (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/MANOS - The Hands of Fate (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mark of the Ninja (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/M/Mark of the Ninja (USA)/Mark of the Ninja (USA).json
developer: Klei Entertainment
publisher: Microsoft Studios
genre: Action;Stealth
description:
  In Mark of the Ninja, you'll know what it is to truly be a ninja. You must be
  silent, agile and clever to outwit your opponents in a world of gorgeous scenery
  and flowing animation. Marked with cursed tattoos giving you heightened senses,
  every situation presents you with options. Will you be an unknown, invisible
  ghost, or a brutal, silent assassin?
  .
  Upgrade new tools and techniques that suit your play style and complete optional
  objectives to unlock entirely new ways to approach the game. Finish the main
  story to unlock a New Game Plus mode with even more options and challenges.
release: 2012-10-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mark of the Ninja (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mark of the Ninja (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mark of the Ninja (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mark of the Ninja (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mark of the Ninja (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mibibli's Quest (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/M/Mibibli's Quest (USA)/Mibibli's Quest (USA).json
developer: Ryan Melmoth
publisher: Ryan Melmoth
genre: Platform
description:
  Mibibli's Quest is a retro-style surrealistic platformer game. Join everybody's
  favorite poorly-drawn 8-bit character, Mibibli, as it blasts his way through
  over 20 crazy and eclectic levels designed to challenge even the fiercest
  wayward retro warrior. Conquer caves, dance through raves, wander the suburbs,
  and blow up eggs... travel through time and explore your nightmares along the
  way! Collect power ups and find the secrets that are scattered throughout this
  world. Each level has it's own collection of enemies, unique gimmicks, and
  bizarre characters to meet. Pay heed to their quizzical insights and use it to
  demolish bosses and ultimately defeat Mibibli's arch-nemesis, Crocodibli!
  .
  This unique, colorful, and eccentric game has been described as "Mega Man" meets
  "Space Funeral." The soundtrack was inspired by catchy retro NES tunes, but is
  interspersed by instrumental oddities. Submersive and subversive, it is truly a
  gaming experience that will leave a lasting impression on your mind!
release: 2016-08-04
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mibibli's Quest (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mibibli's Quest (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mibibli's Quest (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mibibli's Quest (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mibibli's Quest (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Monster Loves You! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/M/Monster Loves You! (USA)/Monster Loves You! (USA).json
developer: Dejobaan Games
publisher: Radial Games Corp
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Live the life of a Monster, from birth to elderhood and beyond, making decisions
  that affect the world of Monsters and Humans.
  .
  You live in the village of Omen, and your favorite snack is the fingers of small
  children. As a Monster, you pop up in the most interesting places — what do you
  do when three angry bears discover a young child in their cabin? Or when you spy
  a wolf hunting down that woman with the red cloak?
  .
  As a Monsterling, your choices are simple ones. Do you chase those poor little
  mice (+1 Ferocity) or protect them from the dogs (+1 Kindness)? Do you come
  clean about that fungus your friends ate (+1 Honesty) or cover for them (+1
  Bravery)? As a youth, your choices determine your personality.
  .
  But all youngins must grow up. Monsters and Humans have been at odds for
  centuries, and there are Human villages on the other side of the enchanted
  woods. When Human children get lost in those dark and winding thickets, do you
  terrorize them for fun (+1 Ferocity)? Do you help return them to Human
  civilization to prove that not all Monsters are to be feared and hated (+1
  Kindness)? Or do you fatten them up for Human foie gras — a Monster delicacy?
  All this, to the backdrop of increasing tensions between Monster- and Humankind.
release: 2013-03-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Monster Loves You! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Monster Loves You! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Monster Loves You! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Monster Loves You! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Monster Loves You! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Neverending Nightmares (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/N/Neverending Nightmares (USA)/Neverending Nightmares (USA).json
developer: Infinitap Games
publisher: Infinitap Games
genre: Horror
description:
  Neverending Nightmares is a psychological horror game inspired by the
  developer's actual battle with mental illness. In the game, you take on the role
  of Thomas who awakens from a terrible nightmare only to find that he is still
  dreaming. As he descends deeper through the layers of hellish dreamscapes, he
  must hide from horrifying apparitions and outrun his inner demons. He must
  discover which of the horrors he encounters are a manifestation of his own
  psychological state and figure out what reality will be when he finally wakes
  up.
  .
  Terrifying nightmare worlds inspired by real life struggles with OCD and
  depression.\n
  Black and white artwork creates a distinctive moody and dark atmosphere.\n
  Branching narrative features 3 completely different endings.\n
  A dynamic lighting system gives the ever present darkness a character of its
  own.\n
  IGF nominated composer Skyler McGlothlin delivers a haunting and oppressive dark
  ambient score.
release: 2014-09-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Neverending Nightmares (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Neverending Nightmares (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Neverending Nightmares (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Neverending Nightmares (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Neverending Nightmares (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: NightSky (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/N/NightSky (USA)/NightSky (USA).json
developer: Nicalis
publisher: Nicalis
genre: Platform;Strategy
description:
  Nominated as a IGF Seamus McNally Finalist, NightSky is an ambient action-puzzle
  game that offers a gameplay experience unlike any other—cerebral challenges fill
  uniquely designed picturesque worlds. The player must maneuver a sphere by using
  realistic physics to advance; each of these worlds is broken into different
  areas. The original soundtrack by experimental jazz musician, Chris Schlarb will
  further heighten the surreal experience.
release: 2011-01-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/NightSky (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/NightSky (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/NightSky (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/NightSky (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/NightSky (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: OddPlanet (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/O/OddPlanet (USA)/OddPlanet (USA).json
developer: Piotr Krol
publisher: Piotr Krol
genre: Action;Platformer;2D
description:
  OddPlanet is a side-scrolling adventure game inspired by Limbo and Oddworld. You
  will guide a lone little girl through the hostile environments of an alien
  planet and help her survive. She will share her feelings and thoughts. Prepare
  to experience atmospheric sounds, music in stereo and meet fascinating creatures
  in this beautiful, hand-painted world.
release: 2013-04-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/OddPlanet (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/OddPlanet (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/OddPlanet (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/OddPlanet (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/OddPlanet (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Our Darker Purpose (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/O/Our Darker Purpose (USA)/Our Darker Purpose (USA).json
developer: Avidly Wild Games
publisher: Avidly Wild Games
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Journey to the dark heart of the Edgewood Home for Lost Children in this
  fiendishly difficult action RPG!
  .
  When her teacher stepped out of the classroom a month ago, Cordy never imagined
  he would be gone for good. Now her fellow students have turned on each other as
  the school descends into chaos. Cordy must battle feral classmates and dangerous
  creatures as she ascends to the cruel Administrators’ offices atop the Edgewood
  Home for Lost Children.
  .
  Our Darker Purpose is a top-down, rogue-like action RPG that combines the
  ingenuity of genre-defining classics with the expansiveness and accessibility of
  modern day action adventure games. The gameplay is steeped in a variety of
  influences ranging from A Link to the Past to The Binding of Isaac to Diablo. We
  love games with great mechanics and awesome, bizarre storylines, and that’s what
  we’re creating with Our Darker Purpose.
  .
  Each playthrough features a unique set of procedurally generated levels. Death
  is permanent, but your accomplishments earn you resources to buy lesson and
  upgrades in the afterlife... and your education lasts forever. Every game
  teaches you more about the Edgewood Home for Lost Children, the disappearance of
  the adults, and the darker purpose of the Administrators.
release: 2014-01-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Our Darker Purpose (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Our Darker Purpose (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Our Darker Purpose (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Our Darker Purpose (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Our Darker Purpose (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pitiri 1977 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/P/Pitiri 1977 (USA)/Pitiri 1977 (USA).json
developer: ILIKESCIFI Games
publisher: ILIKESCIFI Games
genre: Action;General
description:
  Pitiri 1977 is an adventure-platformer with much exploration in both world and
  story, and is paying tribute to its classic pioneers not only by its gameplay,
  but also by its background story. A narrative, that is set in 1977 (the glorious
  year of Star Wars IV, the Atari 2600, the Voyager One spacecraft & Led Zeppelin's
  "Presence"), in an imposing world, created by using hand-painted graphics,
  characters, solid physics and a 1970s soundtrack, gradually opened up by the
  player's acquired abilities.
  .
  You play as a kid with supernatural powers, whose brother has been kidnapped
  by an unknown evil. On your quest to get your brother back, you venture
  through a twisted 70s science fiction utopia that lies beyond the known...
release: 2012-01-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pitiri 1977 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pitiri 1977 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pitiri 1977 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pitiri 1977 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pitiri 1977 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pony Island (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/P/Pony Island (USA)/Pony Island (USA).json
developer: Daniel Mullins Games
publisher: Daniel Mullins Games
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  Pony Island is officially described as a "suspense puzzle game in disguise". At
  the centre is an action game called Pony Island. It is a simple 2D
  side-scrolling game where the player uses the left mouse button to make a pony
  jump to clear gates as it moves forward by itself. Similar to the concept of
  Frog Fractions however, that is only a starting point for a much broader
  experience. As the game breaks down, the player slowly delves deeper into the
  game that turns out to be an arcade machine devised by a sinister force. The
  game Pony Island is a recurring theme that returns in many different forms, with
  different protagonists, colours and enemies, but also improved abilities such as
  wings to float in the air and a laser to destroy creatures.
  .
  The player has to investigate the computer running the game, revealing secrets
  by manipulating items, text chatting with the creator of the game as well as an
  entity that wants to free the trapped souls, browsing documents and programs,
  logging into different accounts and so on. This is the adventure aspect of the
  game, which is largely linear, but requires the player to interact with the
  interface and the many errors and code in unusual ways to progress, often
  deliberately breaking game mechanics. There is also another dimension to the
  game, to find out who the protagonist is, playing the arcade cabinet. Optionally
  four hidden visions can be unlocked. There are 24 hidden arcade tickets in the
  game and collecting them all leads to a different ending.
  .
  Another important game element is the pseudohacking. Many moments in the game
  let the player break the rules devised by the creator by hacking directly into
  the game code. This is presented as a puzzle sequence with a series of
  instructions performed in a continuous loop. The player has to drag icons to
  manipulate the processes: duplicating them, guiding them in a certain direction,
  using a teleporter to skip or repeat certain instructions and so on, until a
  goal is met. These are puzzle sequences based on logic and no programming
  knowledge is required.
  .
  The game often deliberately breaks the fourth wall and attempts to confuse the
  player. It was originally created as a Game Jam entry for Ludum Dare 31 (theme:
  "Entire Game On One Screen") in 2014 and was then developed into a full game.
release: 2016-01-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pony Island (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pony Island (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pony Island (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pony Island (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pony Island (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Psychonauts (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/P/Psychonauts (USA)/Psychonauts (USA).json
developer: Double Fine Productions
publisher: Majesco
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  At a summer camp for up-and-coming psychics, a young boy with an unusually high
  level of psychic ability inexplicably shows up. The boy, named Raz, is allowed
  to stay at the camp until his father comes to pick him up, but his arrival
  coincides with very strange circumstances. Soon, evidence that someone is
  psychically tampering with the campers' minds reveals itself, and Raz is the
  only one who can stop it. Raz must project himself into the psyches of several
  different people in order to figure out what is going on and who is behind the
  recent occurrences.
  .
  Psychonauts is a 3D platform game with a rather unorthodox style. The
  characters' inner worlds are the game's levels. Each world reflects the
  personality of the person whose psyche it represents, often resulting in unique,
  surreal creations, and influencing the gameplay style. For example, the psyche
  of a giant lungfish is presented as a large city populated by fish people, in
  which Raz himself becomes a giant monster who can destroy entire buildings; the
  psyche of a mental patient is a huge board game, where Raz has to command armies
  in order to defeat Napoleon, etc.
  .
  There are also many gameplay elements and tasks which are common for all the
  levels. These include Raz fighting the (not very numerous) regular enemies,
  defeating level bosses, collecting currency, "figments of imagination" needed to
  upgrade his powers, and bonus items such as complete sets of the character's
  memories and others. Many of the game's puzzles require the usage of psychic
  powers, which Raz obtains in a more or less strict order. These powers range
  from combat abilities such as Psy Shield to Telekinesis (moving objects without
  touching them) and Clairvoyance (reading other people's minds).
  .
  The camp itself serves as the game's "hub", in which the player can explore,
  interact with characters, search for secret areas and items, and so on.
release: 2005-04-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Psychonauts (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Psychonauts (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Psychonauts (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Psychonauts (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Psychonauts (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rocketbirds - Hardboiled Chicken (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/R/Rocketbirds - Hardboiled Chicken (USA)/Rocketbirds - Hardboiled Chicken (USA).json
developer: Ratloop Asia
publisher: Reverb Publishing
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Rocketbirds: Hardboiled Chicken expands upon browser-based game Rocketbirds:
  Revolution! and features four new levels, cut scenes, weapons and a brand new
  co-op campaign. Set in Albatropolis, a land full of birds taken over by a
  totalitarian penguin regime, you play as Hardboiled Chicken and must assassinate
  the evil penguin leader Putzki. His mission will unlock the secrets to his past
  and uncover the real enemies of Albatropolis. In single-player mode you play as
  Hardboiled Chicken and destroy your enemies with weapons you collect and unlock
  in each chapter which include a pistol, machine gun, shotgun and grenades. The
  game is a 2-D side scrolling platformer with gameplay that revolves around
  solving puzzles and killing enemies. There are also jetpack sections in which
  you must shoot other enemies out of the sky.
  .
  The 2 player local co-op campaign lets you play as a pair of Budgie commandos on
  a mission to save the general’s daughter. The same areas are visited as in the
  single player but they are all modified slightly and the puzzles involve both
  players working together. There are six playable characters and each one has a
  different weapon.
  .
  It is playable in stereoscopic 3-D. The original soundtrack was made by the Los
  Angeles based Sci-Fi rock band New World Revolution.
release: 2012-10-15
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rocketbirds - Hardboiled Chicken (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rocketbirds - Hardboiled Chicken (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rocketbirds - Hardboiled Chicken (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rocketbirds - Hardboiled Chicken (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rocketbirds - Hardboiled Chicken (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Satellite Reign (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Satellite Reign (USA)/Satellite Reign (USA).json
developer: 5 Lives Studios
publisher: 5 Lives Studios
genre: Action;Role-Playing;Sandbox;Strategy
description:
  A spiritual successor to Syndicate, Satellite Reign takes place in a futuristic
  world control by global syndicates. You lead a hit team working for one of those
  corporations in a series of missions to undermine your boss rivals.
  .
  The game is open world and viewed from an isometric perspective. You control a
  four man (or woman) team, each with his own unique abilities (soldier, hacker,
  support and infiltrator).
  .
  In addition to your various missions against other corporations (such as
  stealing data, sabotaging and kidnapping their personnel) you could also
  influence the world itself - for example, sabotaging the operations of the
  police, or tapping the ATMs to siphon funds.
release: 2015-08-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Satellite Reign (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Satellite Reign (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Satellite Reign (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Satellite Reign (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Satellite Reign (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Screencheat (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Screencheat (USA)/Screencheat (USA).json
developer: Samurai Punk
publisher: Surprise Attack
genre: Shooter
description:
  Screencheat is a multiplayer first-person shooter video game, in which every
  player's character model is invisible. However, each player is shown the
  viewpoints of their opponent and must use this feature to deduce their
  opponent's location. The maps are brightly colored in order to make it easier to
  figure out where a player is. Screencheat includes several different gamemodes.
  Some, including Deathmatch, King of the Hill, and Capture the Flag, are
  multiplayer FPS standards. The game also has some unique gamemodes, such as One
  Shot, where you can only reload after your opponent shoots, and Murder Mystery
  in which you have to kill a specific opponent with a specific weapon.
release: 2014-10-21
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Screencheat (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Screencheat (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Screencheat (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Screencheat (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Screencheat (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Secret of the Magic Crystals Complete (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Secret of the Magic Crystals Complete (USA)/Secret of the Magic Crystals Complete (USA).json
developer: Artwaregames Inc.
publisher: Artwaregames Inc.
genre: Simulation;Virtual;Pet
description:
  In this game your horse-breeding farm is animated in a fantasy surroundings.
  The game enables you to breed legendary horses such as Pegasus, Unicorn,
  Fire-steed, Ice-steed and Demon-steed. You can buy more than 700 objects, and
  you can make all kinds of horseshoes as well as lots of magical potions for
  your horses through the game. If they are exhausted or ill, you are able to
  cure and look after them. Your horses and colts need lots of care and that's
  the way they recover their strengths. You can train your horses on four
  different fields in five levels of difficulty. You can even breed them in
  order to have more talented horses. Different horse races help you to gather
  25 kinds of cups and you can send your horses to complete 30 exciting missions.
release: 2010-02-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Secret of the Magic Crystals Complete (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Secret of the Magic Crystals Complete (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Secret of the Magic Crystals Complete (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Secret of the Magic Crystals Complete (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Secret of the Magic Crystals Complete (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Solar 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Solar 2 (USA)/Solar 2 (USA).json
developer: Murudai
publisher: Murudai
genre: Adventure;Life Simulation;Puzzle;Sandbox
description:
  In most games you see stars in the background, you shoot asteroids or you live
  on planets. But in Solar 2 you ARE these objects! Enter a universe where you
  must prove yourself to the resident god-like figure by doing its many bizarre
  and varied tasks. Or just ignore it and see how big you can grow!
  .
  Solar 2 is an open-world, sandbox game set in an infinite abstract universe.
  Play constructively: grow your system, nurture life on your planets and attack
  enemy life in huge space battles. Play destructively: crash into other objects
  and cause chaos, use your orbiting objects like wrecking balls, steal planets
  from other systems.
release: 2011-06-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Solar 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Solar 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Solar 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Solar 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Solar 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Splice (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Splice (USA)/Splice (USA).json
developer: Cipher Prime Studios
publisher: Cipher Prime Studios
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Splice is an experimental and artistic puzzler. Immerse yourself in its
  microbial world and start splicing! Every level ("strand") consists of a number
  of cells that you will need to rearrange into a target structure in several
  moves ("splices"). Exploration and experimentation are key in determining how
  the curious little cells react to each other. Predict the sequence of splices
  you'll have to make in order to successfully arrange each strand. Re-sequence,
  mutate, and splice your way through this unique puzzle experience, and you'll
  exercise your ability to visualize sequential series of shapes over time. Solve
  your way to the final strands and you'll be left with a heady sense of mental
  accomplishment!
  .
  Splice is the fourth title out of Cipher Prime Studios, and was the Best Puzzle
  Game winner of the 2011 Intel Level Up contest.
release: 2012-06-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Splice (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Splice (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Splice (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Splice (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Splice (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Splotches (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Splotches (USA)/Splotches (USA).json
developer: Jolly Crouton Media Ltd.
publisher: Jolly Crouton Media Ltd.
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Splotches a tricksy puzzle game about exploding paint. Mix together the primary
  colors red, yellow, and blue in any order to make a Brownsplosion. Spread the
  colors across conveyor belts, through portals, over filters, and into buckets on
  your quest to destroy the mythical Rainbow Orb.
  .
  Includes over 100 spluzzles, and a spluzzle maker!
release: 2018-12-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Splotches (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Splotches (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Splotches (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Splotches (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Splotches (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Spookening, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Spookening, The (USA)/Spookening, The (USA).json
developer: Modesty
publisher: Modesty
genre: Action;General
description:
  Clifftown is haunted. The innocent villagers never asked for any of this
  spookening to happen, but neither did you ask to die each and every night with
  the knowledge that the villagers "Soular Power" could bring you back to life.
  .
  In The Spookening you enter as Hero Hermans ghost. Can you change Hermans fate,
  and give him a chance for another day among the living?
  .
  By learning the rules of the world beyond, you will gain the skill and the wit
  to take precious "soular power" from the living. By using this power and pouring
  it into your former meat shell you get a chance to live once more.
  .
  But things on the other side are seldom this easy. Other beings from beyond view
  you as a trespasser and will protect their turf. Vengeful spirits form when your
  scaring goes too far, and demons living in the shadows will be after you.
  .
  Save yourself! At any cost?
release: 2013-03-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spookening, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spookening, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spookening, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spookening, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spookening, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Strata (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Strata (USA)/Strata (USA).json
developer: Graveck
publisher: Graveck
genre: Puzzle
description:
  A truly unique puzzle experience that embraces simplicity, elegance, and
  challenge. Strata paints a simple yet challenging puzzle game onto a
  sophisticated canvas of color and sound. Test the limits of your brain by
  completing complex weaves of color to solve the puzzles.
  .
  The goal of Strata is to strategically layer colored ribbons to match a pattern.
  Using forethought and strategy you must sequence your moves correctly. Over time
  patterns emerge and your tactics may evolve, but Strata will keep you on your
  toes with increasingly difficult puzzles.
release: 2013-09-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Strata (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Strata (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Strata (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Strata (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Strata (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Hexagon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Super Hexagon (USA)/Super Hexagon (USA).json
developer: Terry Cavanagh
publisher: Terry Cavanagh
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  Super Hexagon is a minimal action game by Terry Cavanagh (creator of VVVVVV) —
  guide your triangle around a rotating hexagon and avoid the incoming lines. In
  this deceptively simple game, you’ll have to deal with a spinning screen and
  rapidly changing colors synced to brain-pumping music.
release: 2012-11-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Hexagon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Hexagon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Hexagon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Hexagon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Hexagon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Meat Boy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Super Meat Boy (USA)/Super Meat Boy (USA).json
developer: Team Meat
publisher: Team Meat
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Super Meat Boy is a tough as nails platformer where you play as an animated cube
  of meat who's trying to save his girlfriend (who happens to be made of bandages)
  from an evil fetus in a jar wearing a tux.
  .
  .
  Our meaty hero will leap from walls, over seas of buzz saws, through crumbling
  caves and pools of old needles. Sacrificing his own well being to save his
  damsel in distress. Super Meat Boy brings the old school difficulty of classic
  NES titles like Mega Man 2, Ghost and Goblins and Super Mario Bros. 2 (The
  Japanese one) and stream lines them down to the essential no BS straight forward
  twitch reflex platforming.
  .
  .
  Ramping up in difficulty from hard to soul crushing SMB will drag Meat boy
  though haunted hospitals, salt factories and even hell itself. And if 300+
  single player levels weren't enough SMB also throws in epic boss fights, a level
  editor and tons of unlock able secrets, warp zones and hidden characters.
release: 2010-11-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Meat Boy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Meat Boy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Meat Boy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Meat Boy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Meat Boy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Superbrothers - Sword & Sworcery EP (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/S/Superbrothers - Sword & Sworcery EP (USA)/Superbrothers - Sword & Sworcery EP (USA).json
developer: Capybara Games
publisher: Capybara Games
genre: Adventure
description:
  Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP is an exploratory action adventure with an
  emphasis on audiovisual style. Traverse a mythic little realm, use a sword to do
  battle & evoke sworcery to solve mystical musical mysteries. Co-operate with
  friends via Twitter, experience a videogame world that is affected by moon
  phases & help a wandering warrior monk complete her woeful errand.
  .
  Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP features an album's worth of original music
  by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc,
  crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada.
release: 2010-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Superbrothers - Sword & Sworcery EP (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Superbrothers - Sword & Sworcery EP (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Superbrothers - Sword & Sworcery EP (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Superbrothers - Sword & Sworcery EP (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Superbrothers - Sword & Sworcery EP (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: TinyKeep (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/T/TinyKeep (USA)/TinyKeep (USA).json
developer: Phigames
publisher: Digital Tribe
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  In TinyKeep players will embrace the role of a hopeless prisoner held deep in a
  forgotten dungeon who one day wakes up to find themselves mysteriously released.
  Their savior is nowhere to be seen, but the cell door is broken and ajar,
  tempting them with the sweet scent of freedom. With nothing but a flickering
  lantern and a strange letter left behind by their in-mate, they must venture
  into the darkness and escape TinyKeep!
  .
  Lure monsters into traps, knock over fire torches to set the dungeon alight and
  set prisoners free to help you on your way. Enemies will work together in groups
  to hunt you down, and some will flee from threats. You can also take advantage
  of monster rivalries and lead them against each other, while you wait behind a
  corner as the resulting chaos ensues. There are many ways to survive in
  TinyKeep.
  .
  Features:
  .
  - Procedurally generated random dungeons – no playthrough is ever the same!
  .
  - Watch your step as it can be your last! Extremely challenging Permadeath
  gameplay
  .
  - Explore a variety of beautiful but deadly environments. From the cold slimy
  walls of the dungeon to the hot fiery pits of hell, TinyKeep is a visual treat.
  .
  - Battle a variety of intelligent enemies, each one determined to make your
  escape as difficult as possible. Creatures work together to chase you down, flee
  from threats and fight each other for dominance.
  .
  - Use traps and environmental hazards to your advantage - fire, spike pits and
  rotating crushers hurt your enemies as well as you!
  .
  - Collect coins from fallen foes to purchase random player-altering Buffs that
  just might give you the advantage you need to make it out alive.
  .
  - Rescue other captives to fight along side you, but beware as you never know
  which ones have gone crazy trapped up in the Keep.
  .
  - Experience 3 separate endings to the game, depending on how you play.
  .
  - Hours of gameplay with Secrets that extend the experience – Discover items and
  weapons that can slow down time, render you invincible or provide secret saves.
  .
  - New Game+ mode for players that prefer the extra challenge!
release: 2014-09-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/TinyKeep (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/TinyKeep (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/TinyKeep (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/TinyKeep (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/TinyKeep (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Trine 2 - Complete Story (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/T/Trine 2 - Complete Story (USA)/Trine 2 - Complete Story (USA).json
developer: Frozenbyte
publisher: Frozenbyte
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Trine 2: Complete Story fully integrates the Goblin Menace expansion campaign
  and the all-new unlockable Dwarven Caverns level into one mighty fairytale.
  .
  Trine 2 is a sidescrolling game of action, puzzles and platforming where you
  play as one of Three Heroes who make their way through dangers untold in a
  fantastical fairytale world.
  .
  Join Amadeus the Wizard, Pontius the Knight and Zoya the Thief in their
  adventure full of friendship, magic and betrayal.
release: 2013-06-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Trine 2 - Complete Story (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Trine 2 - Complete Story (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Trine 2 - Complete Story (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Trine 2 - Complete Story (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Trine 2 - Complete Story (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: TumbleSeed (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/T/TumbleSeed (USA)/TumbleSeed (USA).json
developer: Benedict Fritz
publisher: aeiowu
genre: Action
description:
  TumbleSeed is an indie action video game, created by developer Benedict Fritz
  and designer Greg Wohlwend, in which the player balances a rolling seed on an
  ascending, horizontally slanted vine past procedurally generated obstacles to
  reach the top of a mountain. It is based on the mechanical arcade game Ice Cold
  Beer and built partially through the Cards Against Humanity game incubation
  program. TumbleSeed was released in May 2017 to generally favorable reviews on
  macOS, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Windows platforms. Critics, in
  particular, appreciated their haptic sense of the rolling seed from the Nintendo
  Switch's sensitive HD Rumble. Many reviewers noted TumbleSeed's intense and
  sometimes uneven difficulty, which the developers hoped to address in a
  post-release update. They credited this stigma and a tepid critical reception
  for the game's slow sales, but were proud of their work.
release: 2017-05-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/TumbleSeed (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/TumbleSeed (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/TumbleSeed (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/TumbleSeed (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/TumbleSeed (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Vertical Drop Heroes HD (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/V/Vertical Drop Heroes HD (USA)/Vertical Drop Heroes HD (USA).json
developer: Nerdook Productions
publisher: Digerati Distribution
genre: Action;Platform;Role-Playing
description:
  Vertical Drop Heroes is a procedural platformer RPG hybrid with roguelike
  elements, where your hero adventures through randomly generated stages. Armed
  with a variety of skills and traits, you must use your cunning and reflexes to
  survive the dangers of each stage, until you face the final boss and uncover the
  truth behind the game!
  .
  FEATURES
  .
  - Randomly generated stages, enemies and bosses, resulting in a very replayable
  game\n
  - Artwork, coding and animation done by one person (me) in that unique Nerdook
  style\n
  - Split screen, local co-op, as well as local network coop!\n
  - Destructible terrain and multiple uses for each skill gives you plenty of
  options to approach the different situations generated\n
  - Tons of skills, abilities, traits and powers that you can unlock in the game,
  creating a different hero each time\n
  - Unique combat system where proper planning is more important than quick
  reflexes\n
  - Persistent upgrades allow you to carry forward progress between games, with a
  choice between increasingly expensive persistent upgrades or generally cheaper
  temporary upgrades\n
  - Every enemy and boss has been designed to provide challenge and variety
  .
  BACKGROUND\n
  This is a HD remake of GIGANTIC proportions for Vertical Drop Heroes, the
  original webgame with over 2 million plays... from Nerdook, a one-man developer
  with a portfolio of games that has accumulated more than 50 million plays
  worldwide! Bigger and better in every way, Vertical Drop Heroes HD revamps the
  entire game into an epic, randomly generated platformer RPG!
release: 2014-07-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Vertical Drop Heroes HD (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Vertical Drop Heroes HD (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Vertical Drop Heroes HD (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Vertical Drop Heroes HD (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Vertical Drop Heroes HD (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Vincere Totus Astrum (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/V/Vincere Totus Astrum (USA)/Vincere Totus Astrum (USA).json
developer: Gamesare Studios
publisher: Gamesare Studios
genre: Simulation;General
description:
  Vincere Totus Astrum or "To Conquer all Stars" is the first "Casual 4x Strategy
  Game" on iOS devices. Prepare to conquer the known galaxy in this easy to pick
  fast paced game of galactic intrigue!Blending galaxy conquering with quick and
  easy gameplay. Pick one of five races and set out to expand your one world into
  a vast empire. Research new techs, build colony ships, and begin to spread out,
  but be careful you aren't the only race on the rise. The Universe is a small
  place and you will have to either negotiate, trade or battle other empires into
  submission.Prepare to lay your claim amongst the galaxy as you attempt "To
  Conquer all Stars"
release: 2011-04-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Vincere Totus Astrum (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Vincere Totus Astrum (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Vincere Totus Astrum (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Vincere Totus Astrum (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Vincere Totus Astrum (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Virus Named Tom, A (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/V/Virus Named Tom, A (USA)/Virus Named Tom, A (USA).json
developer: Misfits Attic
publisher: Misfits Attic
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  An Action-puzzler. The puzzle comes from rearrange circuits to spread the virus.
  The Action comes from dodging anti-virus drones while doing it. It's one of the
  few puzzle games out there where you can play co-operatively (with up to 3
  friends). But if you tire of working together, there is a battle mode where you
  can take on your friends to see who is the supreme virus.
release: 2012-08-01
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Virus Named Tom, A (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Virus Named Tom, A (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Virus Named Tom, A (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Virus Named Tom, A (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Virus Named Tom, A (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Warlock of Firetop Mountain, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Computer/Humble Bundle/W/Warlock of Firetop Mountain, The (USA)/Warlock of Firetop Mountain, The (USA).json
developer: Tin Man Games
publisher: Tin Man Games
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The Warlock of Firetop Mountain is a tabletop adventure come to life! This
  fantasy solo RPG combines unique, simultaneous turn-based combat with a journey
  that changes based on each figurine you take into Firetop Mountain! Which hero
  will you take into Zagor's lair THIS time?
  .
  The original 1982 Fighting Fantasy gamebook paperback, written by Ian
  Livingstone and Steve Jackson, has been transformed into an epic table-top
  adventure game, with new areas to explore, characters to meet, and of course,
  monsters to slay! Zagor's home assembles right before your eyes as you travel
  deep into the belly of the mountain.
  .
  Each character has their own motivations for being in Firetop Mountain, changing
  the way the gamebook is written and choices presented. Combat is fought using
  the digital miniatures in a simultaneous, turn-based system called GridBluff,
  and the game includes over 100 unique hero and monster figurines to discover.
release: 2016-08-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Warlock of Firetop Mountain, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Warlock of Firetop Mountain, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Warlock of Firetop Mountain, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Warlock of Firetop Mountain, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Warlock of Firetop Mountain, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


