collection: NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD" {file.path}


game: Akumajou Dracula X - Chi no Rondo (Japan) (FABT, FACT)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Akumajou Dracula X - Chi no Rondo (Japan) (FABT, FACT)/Akumajou Dracula X - Chi no Rondo (Japan) (FABT, FACT).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform
description:
  Castlevania: Rondo of Blood (Akumajou Dracula X: Chi no Rondo) is a 2-D
  side-scrolling platformer with a gothic horror theme. Released in 1993, this
  game features the ability to save a player's progress, advances the plot via
  full-screen cutscenes, and utilizes CD audio tracks instead of the PC Engine's
  HUCard, producing a higher quality of musical audio.
  .
  Set in the year 1792, you play as Richter Belmont, a vampire hunter. The dark
  priest Shaft has kidnapped Annette Renard, Richter's main love interest, and
  taken her to Castlevania along with a handful of other female victims. Wielding
  an ancestral whip imbued with holy powers to crush darkness, Richter heads out
  into the night alone to rescue the victims and deal out some justice, Belmont
  style.
  .
  The game is divided up into multiple stages, some hidden, where the goal is to
  reach the end of each and (usually) face a boss monster. Along the way you may
  collect hearts from candles to power one of 6 different subweapons; the dagger,
  holy water, axe, cross, grimoire, and stopwatch. Each subweapon has a specific
  style of use and special "Item Crash" attack, which allows for an expensive but
  devastating super attack.
  .
  Numerous hidden secrets may be found during the adventure, opening up pathways
  to new stages or leading to one of the four victims to rescue; one of which
  becomes a playable character after being freed. The victims Richter is able to
  rescue will affect which of the multiple endings you will see. Even if a maiden
  is missed, however, the player can return to any unlocked level later and take
  another shot at discovering any secrets they may have missed via the main menu's
  stage select.
  .
  Rondo of Blood has great looking graphics, serves up multiple endings, plenty of
  secrets to discover, offers a decent difficulty level, and a delivers a quality
  soundtrack.
release: 1993-10-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Akumajou Dracula X - Chi no Rondo (Japan) (FABT, FACT).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Akumajou Dracula X - Chi no Rondo (Japan) (FABT, FACT).jpg
assets.background: Background/Akumajou Dracula X - Chi no Rondo (Japan) (FABT, FACT).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Akumajou Dracula X - Chi no Rondo (Japan) (FABT, FACT).jpg
assets.video: Video/Akumajou Dracula X - Chi no Rondo (Japan) (FABT, FACT).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Bomberman - Panic Bomber (Japan) (FABT)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Bomberman - Panic Bomber (Japan) (FABT)/Bomberman - Panic Bomber (Japan) (FABT).json
developer: Hudson Soft Company, Ltd.
publisher: Hudson Soft Company, Ltd.
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Panic Bomber is a falling block puzzle game, somewhat reminiscent of Puyo Puyo
  games: instead of Tetris-like abstract blocks, little colored heads are falling
  down and must be arranged in rows of three (vertically or horizontally), by
  rotating them and matching them with other heads of the same color. In this
  case, the heads clearly belong to the titular character of the Bomberman series.
  .
  The game has similar gameplay and opponents as in the handheld version;
  Bomberman automatically advances on a "world map", defeating opponents in
  falling block contests in a linear fashion. However, this is only one part of
  the game, the story mode. Two additional modes are: a versus mode, which allows
  multiplayer gameplay of up to five players, and a timed challenge mode. In the
  latter, the player has to complete specific falling block-related tasks before
  the time runs out.
release: 1994-12-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bomberman - Panic Bomber (Japan) (FABT).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bomberman - Panic Bomber (Japan) (FABT).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bomberman - Panic Bomber (Japan) (FABT).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bomberman - Panic Bomber (Japan) (FABT).jpg
assets.video: Video/Bomberman - Panic Bomber (Japan) (FABT).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Chou Aniki (Japan) (FAAT, FACT)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Chou Aniki (Japan) (FAAT, FACT)/Chou Aniki (Japan) (FAAT, FACT).json
developer: NCS
publisher: Masaya
genre: Shooter
description:
  The odd world in this shooter made for quite the conversation piece in its day.
  Players control either Idaten or Benten, celestial warriors out to bring an end
  to the tyrannical rule of the emperor of Planet Builder, who holds muscular
  prowess to be the supreme virtue of the universe. Aided by able-bodied
  muscle-head options Adon and Samson, they must battle to defeat the emperors
  army across five stages. Use the buttons to fire away and lay into the Builder
  forces! Power up your character and options with protein from defeated enemies
  to have them "bulk up" with a yell, and take their macho battle to the next
  level!
release: 1992-12-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chou Aniki (Japan) (FAAT, FACT).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chou Aniki (Japan) (FAAT, FACT).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chou Aniki (Japan) (FAAT, FACT).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chou Aniki (Japan) (FAAT, FACT).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Cosmic Fantasy II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA)/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).json
developer: Telenet Japan
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Van is a young boy who lives on the planet Idea, a place where technology has
  not yet reached a high level. One day his sweetheart Laura gets kidnapped by an
  unknown villain. Van soon discovers that Laura possesses mysterious powers that
  may grant immortality to the one who marries her. That is exactly what the evil
  wizard Galam has in mind. Van sets off to rescue Laura, on a quest that involves
  intergalactic journeys and travel through time.
  .
  Cosmic Fantasy 2 is a sequel to Cosmic Fantasy: Bōken Shōnen Yuu, and the only
  installment in the series to have been released in the West. Though initially
  not directly related to its predecessor story-wise, the game features several
  common characters and themes.
  .
  Like the previous game, it is a Japanese-style RPG set in a mixed sci-fi and
  medieval world. The game has random enemy encounters and simple turn-based
  combat mechanics. Player-controlled characters can learn and use various
  offensive and healing spells; however, enemies are restricted to physical
  attacks. Characters join and leave the party frequently, as dictated by the
  plot; the party may contain up to four active combatants. Story progression and
  overworld exploration is linear; dungeons are usually fairly complex and
  maze-like. Full-screen anime-style cutscenes with voice-overs advance the story
  of the game.
release: 1991-04-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cosmic Fantasy II (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Far East of Eden - Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan) (Rev 1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Far East of Eden - Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan) (Rev 1)/Far East of Eden - Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan) (Rev 1).json
developer: Red Entertainment
publisher: Hudson
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Tengai Makyou II: Manji Maru is a Role-Playing game, developed by RED
  Entertainment and published by Hudson, which was released in Japan in 1992.
release: 1992-03-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Far East of Eden - Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Far East of Eden - Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Far East of Eden - Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Far East of Eden - Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan) (Rev 1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Far East of Eden - Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan) (Rev 1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire (Japan)/Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire (Japan).json
developer: CAProduction
publisher: Hudson Soft
genre: Shooter
description:
  Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire is a 1995 shoot 'em up video game released by
  Hudson Soft for the PC Engine console (with the Arcade CD-ROM add-on) in Japan
  only.
  .
  It is renowned as one of the most technically impressive titles for that system,
  as well as one of the rarest. As such, it may reach very high prices on online
  auctions, often well over $400 for a mint copy. Counterfeit copies also appear
  in auctions, but it is possible to distinguish them from the legitimate product.
  .
  This game was ported to PSP as part of the Galaxy Fraulein Collection
  compilation, and appears on the PC Engine mini console released in 2020.
release: 1995-11-24
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gradius II - Gofer no Yabou (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Gradius II - Gofer no Yabou (Japan)/Gradius II - Gofer no Yabou (Japan).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Shooter
description:
  This shooter is the sequel to the seminal masterpiece, GRADIUS. Two years after
  its last epic battle, the GRADIUS army recommissions the VIC VIPER
  superdimensional warplane to combat the invasion of a new nemesis known as
  GOFER. Piloting the latest model of the VIC VIPER, players can select between
  multiple WEAPON MODULES and SHIELDS to tackle the varying stages and enemy
  attack patterns they come up against. With a total of nine stages, this perfect
  port of the original boasts one of the longest adventures in the series and
  features more of its trademark fast-paced background music to accompany the
  intense action!
release: 1992-12-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gradius II - Gofer no Yabou (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gradius II - Gofer no Yabou (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gradius II - Gofer no Yabou (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gradius II - Gofer no Yabou (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gradius II - Gofer no Yabou (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Lords of Thunder (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Lords of Thunder (USA)/Lords of Thunder (USA).json
developer: Red Entertainment
publisher: Turbo Technologies, Inc.
genre: Shooter
description:
  Lords of Thunder is a side-scrolling shooter that has you take on the role of a
  legendary warrior, blasting enemies to heavy-metal tunes. Your enemies are
  plotting to revive Zaggart, "The Dark One," who was sealed beneath the six
  continents of Mistral. It's up to Landis, descendant of the heroic Dyu, to stop
  them.
release: 1993-04-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lords of Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lords of Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lords of Thunder (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lords of Thunder (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Mugen Senshi Valis - The Legend of a Fantasm Soldier (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Mugen Senshi Valis - The Legend of a Fantasm Soldier (Japan)/Mugen Senshi Valis - The Legend of a Fantasm Soldier (Japan).json
developer: Telenet
publisher: NEC
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mugen senshi Valis (夢幻戦士ヴァリス, Mugen Senshi Varisu), also known as Valis: The
  fantasm soldier or Valis 1, is the first game of the Valis series, introducing
  the main protagonist, Yuuko Asou, and the worlds where the series takes place.\n
  Story\n
  Yuuko Asou starts another school day as normal. When school ends, it suddenly
  starts to rain, so Yuuko tries to find refuge. In doing so, she encounters a
  fellow student, Reiko Kirishima, who talks with her and leaves her with many
  unanswered questions. Inmediately afterward, Yuuko is attacked by a monster but
  a sword appears which she uses to protect herself. She tries to run home only to
  see that the entire city is being attacked by monsters. After defeating them,
  queen Valia appears in front of Yuuko telling her that the sword named Valis
  summoned her to save the dream world, Vecanti, from the claws of the evil
  emperor Rogles, so she can also save the human world. After being convinced by
  Valia, Yuuko starts to beat Rogles's generals one by one and get the phantasm
  jewels they carry, winning new powers. After beating them, Yuuko goes to
  Rogles's domains and arrives at his castle only to find that Reiko, who is under
  under Rogles's control, is guarding the entrance because of her dark emotions,
  Yuuko fights her and makes her regain consciousness but then Reiko agonizes.
  Before her death, Reiko tells Yuuko about her bad emotions and her hard life,
  believing that nobody cared about her, but Yuuko then says her that she truly
  cares for her and they become friends. Shortly after, Reiko dies in her hands.
  Then Rogles appears and challenges Yuuko to enter his castle and fight him.
  Yuuko does so and kills him, enraged by the death of her friend. After this,
  Yuuko goes home with the presentiment that she will return to Vecanti someday.
release: 1992-03-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mugen Senshi Valis - The Legend of a Fantasm Soldier (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mugen Senshi Valis - The Legend of a Fantasm Soldier (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mugen Senshi Valis - The Legend of a Fantasm Soldier (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mugen Senshi Valis - The Legend of a Fantasm Soldier (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mugen Senshi Valis - The Legend of a Fantasm Soldier (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Seirei Senshi Spriggan (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Seirei Senshi Spriggan (Japan)/Seirei Senshi Spriggan (Japan).json
developer: Compile
publisher: Naxat Soft
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Take on the alien hordes in this vertically scrolling shoot 'em up from the
  people behind Aleste. The power-up system in Spriggan relies on different
  coloured globes - you can have three of these in stock at any one time and the
  order they are in will vary what style of weapon you have. This allows for a
  certain degree of mix-and-match until you find your preferred combination. You
  can also eject these orbs, which act as a smart bomb in times of need.
release: 1991-07-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Seirei Senshi Spriggan (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Seirei Senshi Spriggan (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Seirei Senshi Spriggan (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Seirei Senshi Spriggan (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Seirei Senshi Spriggan (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Snatcher CD-ROMantic (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Snatcher CD-ROMantic (Japan)/Snatcher CD-ROMantic (Japan).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure
description:
  Snatcher CD-ROMantic is an Adventure game, developed and published by Konami,
  which was released in Japan in 1992.  A cyber punk adventure.
release: 1992-10-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Snatcher CD-ROMantic (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Snatcher CD-ROMantic (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Snatcher CD-ROMantic (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Snatcher CD-ROMantic (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Spriggan Mark 2 - Re Terraform Project (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Spriggan Mark 2 - Re Terraform Project (Japan)/Spriggan Mark 2 - Re Terraform Project (Japan).json
developer: Compile
publisher: Naxat Soft
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Spriggan Mark 2: Re-Terraform Project is an Action game, developed by Compile
  and published by Naxat Soft, which was released in Japan in 1992.
release: 1992-05-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Spriggan Mark 2 - Re Terraform Project (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Spriggan Mark 2 - Re Terraform Project (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Spriggan Mark 2 - Re Terraform Project (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Spriggan Mark 2 - Re Terraform Project (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Spriggan Mark 2 - Re Terraform Project (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Parodier (Japan) (Rev 2)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Star Parodier (Japan) (Rev 2)/Star Parodier (Japan) (Rev 2).json
developer: Kaneko
publisher: Hudson Soft
genre: Shooter
description:
  Star Parodier is a vertical scrolling shooter, much like the Star Soldier games,
  and features many of the same conventions, such as collecting power-ups to
  upgrade the player's weapons, and facing several bosses and minibosses as they
  progress through the game. The game also features the 2 and 5 minute high score
  time attack modes seen in previous games.
  .
  However, in parodying the hard sci-fi atmosphere of the Star Soldier games, Star
  Parodier takes a light hearted approach by featuring cute, cartoonish graphics
  and toning down the violence (for example, defeated enemies wave white flags in
  surrender). The players choose from one of three craft to play as in the game:
  the Paro Ceaser from Star Soldier, a giant flying Bomberman or an
  anthropomorphic PC Engine console that shoots HuCards and CD-ROMs at enemies.
  .
  The game was originally only released in Japan, though it was also intended to
  be released in North America under the name Fantasy Star Soldier.
release: 1992-04-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Parodier (Japan) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Parodier (Japan) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Parodier (Japan) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Parodier (Japan) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Parodier (Japan) (Rev 2).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Super Darius (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Super Darius (Japan)/Super Darius (Japan).json
developer: Taito
publisher: NEC Avenue
genre: Shooter
description:
  Super Darius is a 1990 port of Darius for the PC Engine CD-ROM², and the only
  attempt at an accurate port of the game for many years; it even uses recordings
  of music and sound effects straight from the PCB! Its other claim to fame is the
  introduction of all 26 bosses from the original draft for Darius, some of which
  were earlier seen on promotional material and some of which were used in Darius
  II instead.
  .
  A "light" version for normal PC Engines, Darius Plus, was released later in the
  year. At the time that was released, owning both versions allowed you to get
  Darius Alpha.
release: 1990-03-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Super Darius (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Super Darius (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Super Darius (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Super Darius (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Super Darius (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tokimeki Memorial (Japan) (Rev 3)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Tokimeki Memorial (Japan) (Rev 3)/Tokimeki Memorial (Japan) (Rev 3).json
developer: Konami Co., Ltd.
publisher: Konami Co., Ltd.
genre: Construction and Management Simulation
description:
  In the first installment of the Tokimeki Memorial series, the player takes the
  role of a male student at the Kirameki High School in modern-day Japan, whose
  goal is to win the heart of one of his female school mates.
  .
  Tokimeki Memorial is a dating simulation game. There is a schedule in the game,
  which includes school-related and free-time activities. The player characters
  has various statistics that can be raised by performing certain activities (such
  as studying to increase intelligence, etc.). The gameplay is dedicated almost
  entirely to planning schedules, getting the maximum out of the date with the
  chosen girl. A date is not necessarily automatic success - neglecting a girl for
  a long time will lead to gossip and eventually may destroy the relationship.
  There is also a "rival" in the game, a male student who might succeed with one
  of the girls if the player is not careful enough.
release: 1994-05-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tokimeki Memorial (Japan) (Rev 3).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tokimeki Memorial (Japan) (Rev 3).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tokimeki Memorial (Japan) (Rev 3).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tokimeki Memorial (Japan) (Rev 3).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Valis II (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Valis II (Japan)/Valis II (Japan).json
developer: Shin-Nihon Laser Soft Co., Ltd.
publisher: Telenet Japan Co., Ltd.
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mugen senshi Valis II (夢幻戦士ヴァリスⅡ, Mugen Senshi Varisu ni), Also known as Valis
  II, is the second main game from the Valis series. The game tells the events
  that happen after the first Valis game, revealing more reasons about why Yuuko
  was choosen to fight for the three worlds.\n
  Story\n
  Some time after the death of Rogles and Yuuko returned to her home in the human
  world, Vanity is tormented once again by a war between the new candidate to the
  dark world throne, Megas, Rogles's younger brother; and the resistance formed by
  the survivor soldiers from Rogles's army. For that reason, Reiko (already dead)
  appears as an illusion to tell Yuuko to go to the mentioned world and then to
  inform her about Megas. As result of the war, the human world becomes endangered
  as Yuuko fights against Rogles generals who want the power of the Valis sword to
  end with Megas's menace. After beating them, Yuuko goes to Valia's castle only
  to fight Megas's Army and a dead Valia who was apparently killed by Megas
  himself. In the mid of the dramatic situation, after this, the servants of the
  castle tell Yuuko that she is one of Valia's daughters and that her younger
  sister, Valna, lived in the castle with Valia while Yuuko was send to the human
  world. Seeing the gravity of the situation, they give Yuuko a new sword and
  armor: the Leethus sword and the Leethus armor. She goes to Megas's domains
  fighting more of his generals to finally infiltrate in his technologic tower
  base and reaches the emperor.
  .
  After his defeat, Megas tells Yuuko that he, contrary to Rogles's resistance,
  wanted to destroy the Valis sword because he was afraid that its power would
  make him fall like it did with his brother Rogles. He starts to relate the story
  of how he became the dark emperor is. He was going to inherit the darkworld
  throne long ago from the hands of his father, Kaiza. But Rogles got jealous and
  made a scheme to kill Megas so he could became the darkworld's next king. Megas
  survived but had to repleace many of his body parts with machinery. Later he
  discovered that the one behind that conspiracy wasn't Rogles but Kaiza himself
  who, when discovered by Megas, banished him to a dimensional abyss from where he
  remained a long time growing a hatreness for his brother and his father. That's
  why he wanted to finish Rogles army's remains and dominate Vecanti.
  .
  After Megas dies in her hands, Yuuko goes to Vecanti once again to be sure that
  her sister is safe and then returns to the human world once again, not before
  knowing that Valna is decided to fight by her side from there on.
release: 1989-06-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Valis II (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Valis II (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Valis II (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Valis II (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Valis II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Valis II (USA)/Valis II (USA).json
developer: Telenet Japan
publisher: NEC Home Electronics, Ltd.
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Time passes, and Vecanti is set to rule under its next emperor after Rogles, his
  brother Megas, who wishes to stamp out any trace of the former tyrant, to the
  point of murdering any supporters Rogles might have had. Furthermore, his
  bloodthirsty tendencies recognize Yuko and the Valis sword as viable threats to
  his claim of the throne, and he orders his minions to eliminate her first before
  she has the chance to thwart him.
release: 1989-06-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Valis II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Valis II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Valis II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Valis II (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Valis III (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Valis III (Japan)/Valis III (Japan).json
developer: Shin-Nihon Laser Soft Co., Ltd.
publisher: NEC Home Electronics (U.S.A.) Inc.
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mugen senshi Valis III (夢幻戦士ヴァリス''Ⅲ, Mugen Senshi Varisu suri), also known as
  Valis III, is the third game installment of the Valis series. The game shows
  Yuuko's new adventure along her new companions: Valna and Cham.\n
  Story\n
  Long time passed since Yuuko's last battle. Yuuko's life seems peaceful but,
  meanwhile, the Dark world starts to get menaced to become disappeared in the
  void. So Its king, Glames, decides to take other worlds by force in order to
  keep the inhabitants from his world alive. But some of the dark world people
  oppose to the idea of using the force to take the worlds, so Glames starts to
  dispose them. As a consequence, a girl from the resistance of such world, Cham,
  decides to go to the human world and search for the Valis sword to use It
  against Glames who, in turn, posseses the counterpart of the Valis sword, the
  Leethus sword. After taking the sword, Cham tries to go back to the dark world
  but Yuuko stops her to find out why she wants her sword only to see the girl
  kidnapped by one of Glames's generals. After Yuuko beats him, Cham is freed an
  tells the Valis warrior about the situation and that Vanity is being invaded by
  Glames's army. Without wasting time, Yuuko and Cham make their ways to the dream
  world to see It in chaos due to the dark king's intromission as they find out
  that Valna has been also kidnapped by other of the generals. The heroines make
  their way to Valna and freed her. She then fights and beats her captor, then she
  says Yuuko to go to the temple where the widsom man, Nizetti, can give her the
  Valis armor's ultimate form unleashing all of Valis sword's power. Meanwhile, a
  strange figure allies with Glames. The three girls go there passing terrible
  tests and obstacles finally meeting with Nizetti who warns them that although
  having the sword's full power, Yuuko maybe won't win against Glames, but aside
  of all negative pronostics, she still decides to use the power. After doing so,
  they make their way to the dark world to confront Glames, not before getting
  onto the death world to find an awful surprise, the figure that allied with
  Glames reveals itself as Rogles, the antagonist from the first game who was
  supposed to be dead. He fights Yuuko and gets deffeated once again by her. The
  way continues as the protagonist fight Zalude and Asura. After his defeat, Asura
  reports them that Glames isn't on the dark world anymore and that he made his
  way into the human world showing that his generals were only making time for him
  to approach there. Yuuko and her allies part to the human world to find Glames's
  tower, they manage to get inside and Yuuko finally fights him. In the end,
  Glames expresses his last will to his opponents to maintain alive the dark
  world's inhabitants and to guard the Leethus sword, he dies minutes later. Yuuko
  then says to Cham and Valna to protect the survivors and goes to the sky with
  the two swords. She stays there guarding the two swords...apparently forever.
release: 1990-09-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Valis III (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Valis III (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Valis III (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Valis III (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Valis III (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Valis III (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Valis III (USA)/Valis III (USA).json
developer: Laser Soft
publisher: Telenet Japan Co., Ltd.
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  King Glames leads denizens of the Dark World to destroy both Earth and Vecanti.
  Against this common foe, Yuko Asou finds help in her new girlfriend, a Vecanti
  warrior-maiden named Cham, who was born in the Dark World and uses a deadly
  whip, and her own sister Valna Asou, who grew up within Vecanti and became
  strong in the ways of magic. Furthermore, the Valis sword is shown to be capable
  of more than what Yuko has accomplished with it thus far.
release: 1990-09-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Valis III (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Valis III (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Valis III (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Valis III (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Valis IV (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Valis IV (Japan)/Valis IV (Japan).json
developer: Laser Soft
publisher: Telenet Japan Co., Ltd.
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Yuko has become the goddess of the world of Vecanti and has watched over the
  world in peace since the defeat of Glames. Trouble brews when the Dark World
  prince named Galgear begins to search for a magical ring. This ring increases
  his powers, but to the loss of control he could have maintained under its
  effects, and the gods of Vecanti recognize this and imprison Galgear inside a
  crystal sunk into the ocean.
  .
  Fifteen years pass, and Galgear manages to break out of his prison, kidnapping
  the former heroine Valna and being pursued by troops led by Cham as a result. A
  member of her band, named Lena Brande, requests permission to infiltrate
  Galgear's stronghold and free Valna.
release: 1991-08-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Valis IV (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Valis IV (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Valis IV (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Valis IV (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Valis IV (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2)/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).json
developer: Nihon Falcom
publisher: Hudson Soft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Journey through the Ancient Land of Ys, a once peaceful and prosperous country
  suddenly thrust deep into an empty abyss of isolation. The secret to restoring
  peace rests in the six books of the wise priests. 700 years have passed, and now
  you have a chance to unlock the mystery. Stunning graphics, intense stereo sound
  and profound gameplay make this a CD adventure you'll never forget ... and may
  never return from.
release: 1989-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ys Book I & II (USA) (Rev 2).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Ys I & II (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Ys I & II (Japan)/Ys I & II (Japan).json
developer: アルファ・システム、ハドソン
publisher: ハドソン
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Journey through the Ancient Land of Ys, a once peaceful and prosperous country
  suddenly thrust deep into an empty abyss of isolation. The secret to restoring
  peace rests in the six books of the wise priests. 700 years have passed, and now
  you have a chance to unlock the mystery. Stunning graphics, intense stereo sound
  and profound gameplay make this a CD adventure you'll never forget ... and may
  never return from.
release: 1989-12-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ys I & II (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ys I & II (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ys I & II (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ys I & II (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Ys III (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Ys III (Japan)/Ys III (Japan).json
developer: Nihon Falcom
publisher: Hudson Soft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  As Adol, hero of Ys Book I & II, your most fearsome new adventure is about to
  begin! The curse of the monster Demanicus terrorizes your friend Dogi's
  homeland. Chaos rules as blood-thirsty creatures threaten innocent lives. Only
  you have the courage and strength to defeat them! Gather your fiercest swords
  and deadly amulet to battle these horrific creatures with a thrilling new action
  view. Survive the fiery depths of Alcaino. Conquer the terrifying Nekevil. But
  stay alert, brave Adol! The fury of Demanicus awaits your final epic struggle!
release: 1991-03-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ys III (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ys III (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ys III (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ys III (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Ys IV - The Dawn of Ys (Japan) (Rev 3)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/NEC TurboGrafx CD & PC-Engine CD/Ys IV - The Dawn of Ys (Japan) (Rev 3)/Ys IV - The Dawn of Ys (Japan) (Rev 3).json
developer: Hudson Soft
publisher: Hudson Soft
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  The Dawn of Ys is one of two games released under the title of Ys IV, the other
  being Tonkin House's Ys IV: Mask of the Sun. The two games share the same basic
  story, but have many differences regarding concrete events, locations, gameplay
  details, etc. The events of the game take place a short while after those
  described in Ys II, and before the events of Ys III: Wanderers from Ys.
  .
  As the game begins, Adol and his friend return to the town of Minea, where the
  first game began. The evil Lord Darm has been defeated, and it's time to relax
  and spend some time with friends - but not for long. A new evil is rising, and
  Adol decides to set sail for the overseas land of Celceta to investigate these
  occurrences.
  .
  Ys IV returns to the style of play used in the first and second games. The
  gameplay area is viewed from a top-down perspective, and the player attacks
  enemies by running into them to cause damage. Combat is slightly more
  sophisticated than in the first two games, since Adol can now move in eight
  directions, and attacking enemies diagonally or from the sides is more efficient
  than bumping into them headstrong. Adol gains experience from defeating enemies,
  which serves to raise his attack and defense power, like in the previous games.
  He can equip various swords, armor, shields, and rings to enhance his
  attributes. The magic system introduced in Ys II is also brought back for this
  game.
  .
  Ys IV has received a full fan translation and fan dub of all the in-game
  dialogue.
release: 1993-12-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ys IV - The Dawn of Ys (Japan) (Rev 3).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ys IV - The Dawn of Ys (Japan) (Rev 3).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ys IV - The Dawn of Ys (Japan) (Rev 3).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ys IV - The Dawn of Ys (Japan) (Rev 3).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ys IV - The Dawn of Ys (Japan) (Rev 3).mp4
x-co-op: No


