collection: Sinclair ZX Spectrum
launch: {env.JOYMELLOW_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Sinclair ZX Spectrum" {file.path}


game: Alien 8 (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Alien 8 (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)/Alien 8 (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).json
developer: Chris Stamper
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Alien 8 is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Ultimate
  Play The Game. It was released for the ZX Spectrum, BBC Micro, Amstrad CPC and
  MSX in 1985. The game is a spiritual successor to the best-selling Knight Lore,
  which was lauded by critics for its isometric graphics. In the game, the player
  takes control of a robot, Alien 8, whose job is to ensure that all of the
  cryogenically frozen passengers on board a starship remain viable during the
  ship's voyage.
  .
  The game was written by Chris Stamper, and graphics were designed by Tim
  Stamper. Alien 8 uses the same image masking technique as Knight Lore, which
  allows the developers to create composite structures out of stacked images
  without visual overlay. The technique was copyrighted by Ultimate as the
  Filmation game engine. As with its spiritual predecessor, the game is rendered
  isometric projection. The game was critically acclaimed upon release. Reviewers
  praised the game's graphics and innovation, however minor criticism was directed
  at its similarities to Knight Lore.
release: 1985-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alien 8 (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alien 8 (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alien 8 (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alien 8 (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.video: Video/Alien 8 (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Atic Atac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Atic Atac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)/Atic Atac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).json
developer: Chris Stamper
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Action;Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  Atic Atac is an arcade-adventure video game developed and published by Ultimate
  Play The Game, released for the ZX Spectrum in 1983. The game takes place within
  a castle in which the player must seek out the three parts of the "Golden Key of
  ACG" through unlocking doors and avoiding enemies. The game is presented in a
  top-down perspective. They can choose from three different characters; a Wizard,
  Knight or Serf. Each character has access to a secret passage unique to them,
  meaning that navigating the castle is different for each one.
release: 1983-12-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Atic Atac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Atic Atac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.background: Background/Atic Atac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Atic Atac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.video: Video/Atic Atac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Cookie (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Cookie (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K)/Cookie (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).json
developer: Tim and Chris Stamper
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Platform;Shooter
description:
  Charlie the Chef keeps all the ingredients locked away in the pantry, only
  letting them out when he wants to cook them!\n
  Now this makes them jolly upset, let me tell you.\n
  So! As soon as they can, the ingredients dash out of the pantry dragging all the
  sorts of nasties, found in the bottom of drawers and cupboards, with them, to
  escape, and run wild.\n
  Poor old Charlie!\n
  He has to daze the ingredients with his flour bombs and knock them into the
  mixing bowl, because if they go into the dustbins they will be eaten by the bin
  monster, who doesn't care one little bit where he throws any rubbish.\n
  Should any rubbish or nasties get into the cake mix then the "ingredients
  needed" counter will change, and Charlie will have to work quicker and faster,
  if he's going to bake his cake
release: 1983-01-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cookie (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cookie (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cookie (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cookie (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.video: Video/Cookie (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gunfright (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Gunfright (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)/Gunfright (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).json
developer: Ultimate Play The Game
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Adventure
description:
  The player takes the part of the "meanest and fastest Gun Totin'Bunch of Rootin'
  Tootin' Gun Slingers which ever did hit the Wild West", Sheriff Quickdraw. In
  the beginning of the game in a first person view the player has to be quick on
  the draw to shoot bags of money that fall down the screen, to collect a "bounty"
  that will be used to buy supplies and cover possible fines during the game.
  .
  The main game then takes place in an isometric scrolling play-field that is
  similar to previous Ultimate Filmation titles. The objective is to collect a
  bounty by finding and eliminating wanted criminals that are harassing the town.
  Innocent bystanders will point to the direction of the criminal, shooting them
  will result in a fine reducing your score. A horse can be obtained to speed up
  the chase. Once the wanted criminal is encountered, the game again switches to a
  first person cross hair view, where the first to draw will be the winner. Taking
  out the criminal will give you a reward that helps you with future expenditures
  as the cost of ammo and horses changes as the game goes along. Your final tally
  will become your score at the game's end.
release: 1985-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gunfright (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gunfright (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gunfright (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gunfright (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gunfright (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jet Pac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Jet Pac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K)/Jet Pac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).json
developer: Chris Stamper
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Platform;Shooter
description:
  Jetman has crash-landed on a distant planet  populated by various nasties, and
  he must escape and find his way home. Your first task is to retrieve each of the
  three parts of his spaceship, in order, and carry them over the base part. After
  this, you must collect enough fuel to be able to fly away, again by picking it
  up and dropping it over the ship.\n
  Once you've filled the ship up, you can fly on to the next level, in which you
  must again refuel. Each level contains various bad guys, with different attack
  patterns; you have a laser to shoot them for points, and must avoid contact with
  them.\n
  Diamonds can be collected for bonus points, and you get an extra life after
  every 10,000 points.
release: 1983-01-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jet Pac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jet Pac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jet Pac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jet Pac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.video: Video/Jet Pac (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jumpin' Jupiter - Prelude (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Jumpin' Jupiter - Prelude (USA)/Jumpin' Jupiter - Prelude (USA).json
developer: Quantum Sheep
publisher: Quantum Sheep
genre: Platformer
description:
  Welcome to Jumpin' Jupiter Prelude!
  .
  In the future, the last cups of tea have have been scattered across the solar
  system. Our heroine, Jupiter, is on a mission to get them back at all costs!
  .
  Prelude is a Manic Miner style linear platformer that starts on Mercury, and
  ends on Earth - 15 levels in total!
  .
  If you enjoyed the game, the 'normal' Jumpin' Jupiter game continues from the
  (Space!) Moon and goes on to Pluto - another 35 levels, making a total of 50
  levels of platforming action!
release: 2020-04-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jumpin' Jupiter - Prelude (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jumpin' Jupiter - Prelude (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jumpin' Jupiter - Prelude (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jumpin' Jupiter - Prelude (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Knight Lore (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Knight Lore (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)/Knight Lore (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).json
developer: Ultimate Play The Game
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Adventure;Platform;Puzzle
description:
  Our hero must reach Melkhior, a somewhat eccentric wizard who is the only one
  who can save him. As with most Ultimate titles of the day, reaching him is a
  long and treacherous challenge, involving both puzzle-solving and action,
  meaning that each screen requires thorough planning and precise navigation.
  .
  The game uses the isometric viewpoint in a manner similar to the later Head Over
  Heels, using monochrome but detailed graphics and techniques to avoid flickering
  sprites. The game lasts for 40 days and nights - at night your character turns
  into a werewolf. Ultimate's individual style of eschewing straightforward
  instructions in favor of feature lists and riddles is put to good use here, with
  the story detailed in a rhyming poem of sorts.
release: 1984-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Knight Lore (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Knight Lore (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.background: Background/Knight Lore (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Knight Lore (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.video: Video/Knight Lore (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Lunar Jetman (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Lunar Jetman (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)/Lunar Jetman (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).json
developer: Ashby Computers and Graphics Limited
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Shooter
description:
  Lunar Jetman is a shooter video game developed by Ashby Computer and Graphics
  Limited and published by Ultimate Play The Game. It was released for the ZX
  Spectrum in 1983 and the BBC Micro in 1984. The game is the second instalment of
  the Jetman series and one of the few games released to support the Currah
  Microspeech peripheral. In the game, Jetman has to destroy alien bases whilst
  simultaneously defending himself, along with Earth, from a hostile alien race.
  .
  Lunar Jetman was Ultimate Play The Game's first game to require 48K of RAM - all
  previous games had run on unexpanded 16K models. The game was written by Chris
  Stamper with graphics designed by Tim Stamper. The game was followed by a third
  instalment, Solar Jetman: Hunt for the Golden Warpship, released for the NES in
  1990. The game was met with critical acclaim upon release, with praise mostly
  directed at its addictive gameplay and wide range of colours. It was later
  included in Rare's 2015 Xbox One retrospective compilation, Rare Replay.
release: 1983-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lunar Jetman (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lunar Jetman (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lunar Jetman (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lunar Jetman (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.video: Video/Lunar Jetman (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pssst (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Pssst (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K)/Pssst (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).json
developer: Ultimate Play The Game
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Platform;Shooter
description:
  Pssst is a single screen game. The plant grows from a plant pot at the bottom
  centre of the screen, and the spray cans containing three different pesticides
  are located on ledges on each side of the screen. Bonus items such as fertilizer
  and spades appear on unoccupied ledges which will increase both the players
  score and the plants growth rate, however as the alien insects also appear from
  the ledges, and bonus items can only be collected if Robbie is not holding a can
  of pesticide, it is a risk to collect them.\n
  There are three types of alien insect, and three types of pesticide which will
  either kill, stun, or have no effect on the insects. Robbie can only carry one
  type of pesticide at a time, and in the early stages of the game the kill
  pesticide can be carried at all times, however later stages have more than one
  type of insect on screen at once, making the choice of pesticide more
  tactical.\n
  As the plant grows it will sprout leaves which increase the growth rate, yet
  also make it more vulnerable to the insects. Once the plant reaches a
  predetermined height, it flowers and the player moves to the next level.\n
  When the insects make contact with the plant they will stick to it, making it
  shrink until it dies. If the plant shrinks beyond the section where the insect
  is attached, the insect is released, but it may immediately reattach lower down,
  depending on its movement path.\n
  A life is lost if the plant dies or if Robbie makes contact with an insect. The
  death graphic for both Robbie and the insects is the same as the enemy explosion
  used in Jetpac.
release: 1983-06-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pssst (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pssst (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pssst (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pssst (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pssst (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game) (16K).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sabre Wulf (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Sabre Wulf (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)/Sabre Wulf (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).json
developer: Chris Stamper
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Sabre Wulf a 1984 action-adventure game by Ultimate Play the Game and the first
  game of the Sabreman series. The player, as Sabreman, navigates a 2D jungle
  flip-screen maze aiming to reconstruct an amulet and escape. The maze is divided
  into 256 edge-to-edge screens filled with colourful flora and enemies that spawn
  randomly. Ultimate released the game for the ZX Spectrum in 1984 at an
  above-average price to combat piracy. The game's premium packaging became a
  company standard. Ultimate, a developer known for its secrecy, had finished
  Sabre Wulf‍‍ '​‍s sequels in advance of its release, but withheld them for
  marketing purposes. They were swiftly released the same year. Ultimate hired
  outside developers to make Sabre Wulf ports for the BBC Micro, Commodore 64, and
  Amstrad CPC platforms, and the game was subsequently included in multiple
  compilation releases, including the 2015 Ultimate and Rare retrospective Rare
  Replay.
  .
  Reviewers lauded the game's graphics and found its gameplay similar to
  Ultimate's previous release, Atic Atac, though preferred Sabre Wulf. Reviewers
  also noted the game's difficulty. It was recommended in several gaming
  publications and won "Best Maze Game" in the 1984 Crash Reader Awards. Sabre
  Wulf was a financial success and reached the top of the format charts. It was
  listed in multiple lists of top Spectrum games. It introduced the Sabreman
  character, who has recurred throughout Ultimate and Rare intellectual
  properties, and the Sabreman game series.
release: 1984-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sabre Wulf (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sabre Wulf (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sabre Wulf (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sabre Wulf (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sabre Wulf (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Underwurlde (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sinclair ZX Spectrum/Underwurlde (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game)/Underwurlde (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).json
developer: Ultimate Play The Game
publisher: Ultimate Play the Game
genre: Platform
description:
  Underwurlde is a fast, action packed arcade adventure platform game.  The game
  is set deep underground in the Underwurlde. Creatures attack from every angle
  and rather than kill you they merely bounce you around.  This make make the game
  sound easy, but oh no!  The enemies bounce you off cliffs, off ropes and into
  deep chasms, dropping to your doom.
  .
  The object of the game is to guide Sabreman out of the Underwurlde and back out
  of castle.  This is easier said than done.  The game features 597 screens and
  also large monsters blocking your way.  These need to be destroyed by a
  particular weapon before you can continue on your journey.
release: 1984-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Underwurlde (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Underwurlde (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.background: Background/Underwurlde (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Underwurlde (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).jpg
assets.video: Video/Underwurlde (Europe) (Ultimate Play The Game).mp4
x-co-op: No


