collection: Microsoft Xbox One
launch: {env.JOYMELLOW_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Microsoft Xbox One" {file.path}


game: Rare Replay (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox One/Rare Replay (USA)/Rare Replay (USA).json
developer: Rare
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action
description:
  Rare Replay is a 2015 compilation of 30 video games previously developed by Rare
  and its predecessor, Ultimate Play the Game, in their 30-year combined history.
  The emulated games span multiple genres and consoles—from the ZX Spectrum to the
  Xbox 360—and retain the features and errors of their original releases with
  minimal edits. The compilation adds cheats to make the older games easier and a
  Snapshots mode of specific challenges culled from parts of the games. Player
  progress is rewarded with behind-the-scenes footage and interviews about Rare's
  major and unreleased games.
  .
  The compilation was one of several ideas Rare considered to celebrate their 30th
  anniversary. Inspired by fans, upcoming Xbox One backwards compatibility
  features, and the idea to connect Rare's past and future, the company sorted
  through 120 games to choose titles that best represented its oeuvre. They
  prioritized games with characters and environments original to the company. Rare
  incorporated six emulators in the package, and worked with its parent company,
  Microsoft, to use its unannounced Xbox 360 emulation. Rare Replay was announced
  at the 2015 Electronic Entertainment Expo and released worldwide as an Xbox One
  exclusive on August 4, 2015.
  .
  The game received generally favorable reviews. Rare's Nintendo 64 classics, with
  Blast Corps in particular, were the communal favorites, while Perfect Dark Zero,
  Grabbed by the Ghoulies, and the Spectrum games were liked least. Critics
  appreciated the package's design and craft and considered the release a
  high-water mark for compilation releases. Reviewers were disappointed by the
  absence of the Donkey Kong Country series and GoldenEye 007 due to inevitable
  licensing issues, while a few thought the package was fine without them. Critics
  considered the archival game content and developer interviews among the
  compilation's best features, and were upset to see the content hidden behind
  time-consuming in-game challenges. Reviewers noted that Rare's founders, the
  Stamper brothers, were conspicuously absent from the interviews. Critics had
  high praise for the "rewind" and Snapshot features, and criticized technical
  issues in the Xbox 360 emulation and game installation. Rare Replay became
  Rare's first United Kingdom all-format charts bestseller since Banjo-Kazooie in
  1998.
release: 2015-08-04
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rare Replay (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rare Replay (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rare Replay (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rare Replay (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rare Replay (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


