collection: Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable Minis
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable Minis" {file.path}


game: Age of Zombies (USA) (Minis)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable Minis/Age of Zombies (USA) (Minis)/Age of Zombies (USA) (Minis).json
developer: Halfbrick
publisher: Halfbrick
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  The evil Professor Brains has sent hordes of zombies back to various periods in
  history to destroy mankind. It's up to time traveling protagonist Barry
  Steakfries to foil this evil scheme.
  .
  Age of Zombies is a top-down shooter that will take the player to the
  prehistory, thirties Chicago, ancient Egypt, medieval Japan and the future. To
  defend himself against large waves of zombies, Barry can use his standard gun,
  for which he receives no points, or various other weapons like SMGs,
  flamethrowers, shotguns, miniguns and explosives which can be found around the
  map.
release: 2010-02-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Age of Zombies (USA) (Minis).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Age of Zombies (USA) (Minis).jpg
assets.background: Background/Age of Zombies (USA) (Minis).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Age of Zombies (USA) (Minis).jpg
assets.video: Video/Age of Zombies (USA) (Minis).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Freekscape - Escape From Hell (USA) (Minis)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable Minis/Freekscape - Escape From Hell (USA) (Minis)/Freekscape - Escape From Hell (USA) (Minis).json
developer: Kidguru Studios
publisher: Creat Studios Inc
genre: Action
description:
  Freekscape: Escape from Hell is a 2.5D puzzle platformer. The protagonist is the
  horned demon Freek who is left behind in hell because he does not enjoy
  torturing souls. That is why he is tasked with housekeeping chores instead by
  his master Beel. Working alone, he discovers the key to the treasure room,
  steals a trident and attempts to escape hell to reach heaven. To complete levels
  the exit needs to be reached. Levels are accessed one by one on a large world
  map and they branch out at a certain point with multiple paths.
  .
  Puzzles are based on platforming and using the abilities of different creatures.
  Freek can use his trident to skewer other minions, carry them around or use them
  as a pogo stick to jump higher. One type of creature rushes and can knock Freek
  over large gaps. Another type acts as a trampoline. Creatures can sometimes be
  dropped into the lava to create safe passages. A hug block rushes to hug you. By
  taking it out up to three can be skewered to use them as a bridge. Creatures are
  summoned through portals at specific locations. Freek can also draw their
  attention by whistling. Freek has his own portals that act as checkpoints when
  he passes them. Some levels require you to locate a number of peppers to unlock
  a pepper portal before a level can be finished. The D-pad can be used to look
  around while the analog stick control movement.
release: 2010-04-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Freekscape - Escape From Hell (USA) (Minis).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Freekscape - Escape From Hell (USA) (Minis).jpg
assets.background: Background/Freekscape - Escape From Hell (USA) (Minis).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Freekscape - Escape From Hell (USA) (Minis).jpg
assets.video: Video/Freekscape - Escape From Hell (USA) (Minis).mp4
x-co-op: No


