collection: Sony PlayStation 2
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Sony PlayStation 2" {file.path}


game: Activision Anthology (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Activision Anthology (USA)/Activision Anthology (USA).json
developer: Contraband Entertainment
publisher: Activision
genre: Action
description:
  Activision Anthology is a collection of classic Atari 2600 titles as well as
  extra items including new gameplay modes for each game, trivia, originally
  released patches/updates, 3D views of the cartridges, the original manuals and
  much more. The game comes with licensed eighties music tracks. It contains 45
  games.
  .
  The following games are included:
  .
  •Atlantis\n
  •Barnstorming\n
  •Beamrider\n
  •Boxing\n
  •Bridge\n
  •Checkers\n
  •Chopper Command\n
  •Commando\n
  •Cosmic Commuter\n
  •Crackpots\n
  •Decathlon (The Activision Decathlon)\n
  •Demon Attack\n
  •Dolphin\n
  •Dragster\n
  •Enduro\n
  •Fishing Derby\n
  •Freeway\n
  •Frostbite\n
  •Grand Prix\n
  •H.E.R.O.\n
  •Ice Hockey\n
  •Kabobber (previously unreleased)\n
  •Kaboom!\n
  •Keystone Kapers\n
  •Laser Blast\n
  •Moonsweeper\n
  •Megamania\n
  •Oink!\n
  •Pitfall!\n
  •Pitfall II: Lost Caverns\n
  •Plaque Attack\n
  •Pressure Cooker\n
  •Private Eye\n
  •River Raid\n
  •River Raid II\n
  •Robot Tank\n
  •Seaquest\n
  •Skiing\n
  •Sky Jinks\n
  •Space Shuttle\n
  •Spider Fighter\n
  •Stampede\n
  •Starmaster\n
  •Tennis\n
  •Thwocker
release: 2002-11-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Activision Anthology (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Activision Anthology (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Activision Anthology (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Activision Anthology (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Activision Anthology (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Adventures of Cookie & Cream, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Adventures of Cookie & Cream, The (USA)/Adventures of Cookie & Cream, The (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: Agetec
genre: Platform;Puzzle
description:
  The Adventures of Cookie & Cream offers puzzling challenges for the whole
  family. Two people must work cooperatively to help each other through
  challenging traps and past hungry critters in Adventure mode. As you complete
  each level, you'll open new areas in four-player mode, in which the winner is
  the player who grabs the most bonus items. The Adventures of Cookie & Cream
  combines elements from action, puzzle, platform, adventure, and party games to
  unite all kinds of gamers.
release: 2001-04-30
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Adventures of Cookie & Cream, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Adventures of Cookie & Cream, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Adventures of Cookie & Cream, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Adventures of Cookie & Cream, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Adventures of Cookie & Cream, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Adventures of Darwin, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Adventures of Darwin, The (USA)/Adventures of Darwin, The (USA).json
developer: Vingt-et-un Systems
publisher: D3 Publisher
genre: Strategy
description:
  One night the monkey Darwin dreamt of a meteoroid flying towards the earth and
  destroying all life. Only he would be able to stop it, but not as he was now.
  For the sake of his tribe Darwin and his people would need to venture out into
  the world and evolve.
  .
  During the game the player is directly in control of Darwin, but can also
  command the followers directly around him. These followers can be commanded to
  attack animals, carry items, or complete tasks such as building ramps and
  bridges. Finding items while exploring can increase Darwin's stats and the
  number of followers he can bring with him. Items can also be returned to
  Darwin's village to expand and upgrade the services available there, such as
  healing at the mess hall or recruiting additional followers at the bar.
release: 2006-04-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Adventures of Darwin, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Adventures of Darwin, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Adventures of Darwin, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Adventures of Darwin, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Adventures of Darwin, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Dark Works
publisher: Infogrames
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  The player is given the option of choosing which of the two protagonists they
  play as. Carnby's side of the plot is based mainly on fighting the monsters by
  physical means, particularly with his trusty double barreled revolver; while
  Aline's is more centered on puzzles. The two occasionally meet up, and the main
  areas of plot intersect.
  .
  The player soon comes under attack from Creatures of Darkness that appear out of
  nowhere and seem to be living shadows.
release: 2001-09-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Alone in the Dark - The New Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Arc the Lad - End of Darkness (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Arc the Lad - End of Darkness (USA)/Arc the Lad - End of Darkness (USA).json
developer: Cattle Call
publisher: Namco
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  SCE takes the Arc the Lad series away from its roots and into an Online-playable
  action-adventure game. Players become a hunter who must travel the world and
  take on jobs, usually revolving around taking out enemies in real time using
  magic and special abilities. Collect cards from battle and events and equip them
  to gain new skills, all the while following an RPG-like storyline. You view the
  action from overhead, with a camera zooming in and out depending on the
  intensity of the action and occasionally switching to other angles for dramatic
  effect. You attack enemies in real time, tapping X once for a simple attack and
  repeatedly for a combo. You can also guard against attack, dash at an enemy, and
  press a button to run about the play field faster. The game places heavy
  emphasis on magic use, with the magic meter recovering automatically and quickly
  following each spell.
release: 2005-06-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Arc the Lad - End of Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Arc the Lad - End of Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Arc the Lad - End of Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Arc the Lad - End of Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Arc the Lad - End of Darkness (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Arc the Lad - Twilight of the Spirits (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Arc the Lad - Twilight of the Spirits (USA)/Arc the Lad - Twilight of the Spirits (USA).json
developer: Cattle Call
publisher: SCE
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Arc: Twilight of the Spirits is the fourth entry in the Arc the Lad series. Like
  its two immediate predecessors, the game has tactical battles which allow free
  positioning and movement of the characters on the combat field. However, the
  game is closer to being a "regular" Japanese-style role-playing game rather than
  a tactical RPG. The player controls a relatively small party (up to six active
  combatants), and is able to explore towns and dungeons in a standard RPG
  fashion. In the beginning, the game puts the player into control of Kharg, but
  afterwards the chapters alternate between the human hero and Darc, each with his
  own party. Characters can use a variety of techniques, accumulating SP (spirit
  points) in battles and them using them to learn special attacks.
release: 2003-06-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Arc the Lad - Twilight of the Spirits (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Arc the Lad - Twilight of the Spirits (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Arc the Lad - Twilight of the Spirits (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Arc the Lad - Twilight of the Spirits (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Arc the Lad - Twilight of the Spirits (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance (USA)/Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance (USA).json
developer: Black Isle Studios
publisher: Interplay Entertainment Corp.
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance is a real time hack and slash Action role-playing
  game presented in a true 3D perspective correct rotatable third person overhead
  view. The battle system in the game is simplistic but flexible. Character
  statistics at the game's beginning are preset, and the player may only customize
  their character's stats through gaining experience points. Experience points are
  gained by winning battles, and at specific levels the character gains new
  ability points to spend on enhancements specific to the character class. The
  ability choices affect the fighting style of the character.
  .
  Gameplay is linear, and any current quest must be completed successfully before
  the story proceeds. There are also relatively few non-player characters (NPCs),
  of which only those who are part of a quest or side-quest may be interacted
  with. There are not that many sidequests available in the game, but those
  available - such as for Keaira and Ipswitch - help players to gain experience
  and level up. Weapons, armor and items are only available for purchase from one
  location at a time in the current region, and are increasingly valuable later in
  the game.
  .
  The game's ruleset is based on a limited set of 3rd Edition Dungeons & Dragons
  rule-set; compared to other D&D Games there are relatively few rules implemented
  in the game. There are four playable classes: Human Arcane Archer, Elven
  Sorceress, Dwarven Fighter and Drow Ranger. Gameplay strategy is different for
  all characters: the human relies on ranged attacks and stealth, the elf
  character can cast magic spells, and the dwarf is an all-around fighter. Through
  updating each character, the characters go to mimic characters of other classes.
  .
  A local co-op mode is available, which uses a single non-split screen view. The
  second player can select one of the unused characters.
release: 2001-12-04
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Baldur's Gate - Dark Alliance (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan)/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  The terror of Resident Evil returns and spreads online. Resident Evil Outbreak
  puts you in the role as one of eight survivors of an outbreak caused by a secret
  biological weapon. With situations spanning the first three Resident Evil games,
  the choices you make during the game dictate your abilities and scenarios. Play
  cooperatively or competitively offline in single-player mode or online with up
  to four players. But be extra careful--once you die, you join the zombie ranks.
release: 2003-12-11
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan) (English Patch)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan) (English Patch)/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan) (English Patch).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  The terror of Resident Evil returns and spreads online. Resident Evil Outbreak
  puts you in the role as one of eight survivors of an outbreak caused by a secret
  biological weapon. With situations spanning the first three Resident Evil games,
  the choices you make during the game dictate your abilities and scenarios. Play
  cooperatively or competitively offline in single-player mode or online with up
  to four players. But be extra careful--once you die, you join the zombie ranks.
release: 2003-12-11
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan) (English Patch).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan) (English Patch).jpg
assets.background: Background/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan) (English Patch).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Biohazard - Outbreak (Japan) (English Patch).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan)/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  A biological disaster has turned everyone around you into flesh-eating zombies,
  and now you and seven other survivors must work together to escape the city. In
  the sequel to Resident Evil: Outbreak, you can discover the truth behind the
  T-virus outbreak by exploring five new locales, including a zoo, the subway, and
  the police station. Like its predecessor, Resident Evil Outbreak File #2
  features an online cooperative mode for up to four players.
release: 2004-09-09
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan) (English Patch)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan) (English Patch)/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan) (English Patch).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  A biological disaster has turned everyone around you into flesh-eating zombies,
  and now you and seven other survivors must work together to escape the city. In
  the sequel to Resident Evil: Outbreak, you can discover the truth behind the
  T-virus outbreak by exploring five new locales, including a zoo, the subway, and
  the police station. Like its predecessor, Resident Evil Outbreak File #2
  features an online cooperative mode for up to four players.
release: 2004-09-09
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan) (English Patch).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan) (English Patch).jpg
assets.background: Background/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan) (English Patch).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Biohazard - Outbreak - File 2 (Japan) (English Patch).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Blood Omen 2 - The Legacy of Kain Series (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Blood Omen 2 - The Legacy of Kain Series (USA)/Blood Omen 2 - The Legacy of Kain Series (USA).json
developer: Crystal Dynamics
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Action;Horror;Puzzle
description:
  The Legacy of Kain: Blood Omen 2 is a third person action game with adventure
  elements, more similar in perspective to Soul Reaver than the first Blood Omen
  game. The player controls from behind Kain's shoulder and can move him in
  different directions, attack, jump, use "dark gifts" and grab on to ledges.
  Kain's life energy steadily depletes and must be replenished constantly by
  drinking blood. Blood is found by consuming any living creature nearby, often
  requiring defeating an enemy through combat first. As Kain consumes blood, his
  meter is filled up. Once full, Kain gains additional health. Kain also learns
  new dark gifts throughout the game, by defeating boss creatures. Some gifts
  include: the ability to blend into mist, fire projectiles, use projectile
  telekinesis or make a great horizontal leap. Many of these abilities can be used
  to perform "stealth kills" which will instantly defeat a foe. Kain will fight
  using his bare hands, or by picking up daggers, swords, axes and other weapons.
  These weapons all attack differently, eventually breaking, and can also be
  thrown at enemies from afar.
release: 2002-03-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blood Omen 2 - The Legacy of Kain Series (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blood Omen 2 - The Legacy of Kain Series (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blood Omen 2 - The Legacy of Kain Series (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blood Omen 2 - The Legacy of Kain Series (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Blood Omen 2 - The Legacy of Kain Series (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: BloodRayne (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/BloodRayne (USA)/BloodRayne (USA).json
developer: Terminal Reality, Inc.
publisher: Majesco Sales, Inc.
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  BloodRayne is a 2002 third-person action-adventure video game and the first game
  in the BloodRayne series.
  .
  There are things in the world that humanity should not know about, and things it
  must be protected from. It is these things that the Brimstone Society hunts, and
  their newest agent for the cause is the half-vampire codenamed BloodRayne. Her
  mission will take her from clearing out the walking dead and man-sized insects
  in the swamps of Louisiana to hunting down members of the secretive Gegengheist
  Gruppe branch of the Nazi military around the world, as well as the monsters
  they unwittingly awakened.
  .
  Rayne's primary weapons against both monsters and men are the blades attached to
  her arms, and as the game progresses she will gain additional attacks to string
  together. Rayne can also hold many weapons, such as pistols, shotguns, and
  submachine guns, at once, but she is not overly attached to them and will
  discard any weapon that runs dry. Her enhanced vampiric strength even allows her
  to rip up mounted gun emplacements and fire them from the hip. Another vampiric
  strength is her ability to drain the blood out of any human she can grab in
  order to restore her health. By killing enemies Rayne's rage meter will fill,
  eventually allowing her to enter Blood Rage, slowing the world around her and
  gaining new combo attacks that can dismember or totally cut in half weaker
  opponents. Rayne's ability to perceive the world will grow as the game
  progresses as well, allowing her to see living things through walls, zoom in on
  distant targets, and speed up her perception that everything, herself included,
  appears to slow down.
release: 2002-10-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/BloodRayne (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/BloodRayne (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/BloodRayne (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/BloodRayne (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/BloodRayne (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: BloodRayne 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/BloodRayne 2 (USA)/BloodRayne 2 (USA).json
developer: Terminal Reality
publisher: THQ
genre: Action
description:
  In the FMV, Rayne is first seen staring at a place on fire. The next scene
  happens before the fire. Rayne is seen entering a library (called Blood
  library), with a few Nazis inside. Knowing Kagan is here (who is an influential
  Nazi collaborator), she declares she is here to kill him. Kagan notices she is
  here, but is not moved by her presence. He knows it is his offspring (but does
  not know her name), but says she smells "tainted", asking who was her mother. He
  does not know her mothers name, saying he is "terrible with names", but does not
  care, knowing she died with her family. He appears pre-occupied, looking for
  something. He finds what he was looking for, called the "Vesper Shard". Knowing
  Rayne still wants to kill him, he then brings Professor Trumain up from the
  floor, severely beaten, showing his own small intestine around his neck. Kagan
  knows that they know each other, and that Trumain "stole" yet another offspring
  from him. During his talk, he speculates that the Brimstone Society knew the
  Vesper Shard's powers, and was eventually going to kill their Vampire allies
  such as Rayne. Trumain then pulls out a detonator, first giving time for Rayne
  to run, then detonates the grenade.
release: 2004-10-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/BloodRayne 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/BloodRayne 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/BloodRayne 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/BloodRayne 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/BloodRayne 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 1 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 1 (USA)/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 1 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Fighting;Role-Playing;Shooter;Strategy
description:
  Capcom Classics Collection takes players back to the days of break dancing and
  waiting in endless arcade lines to see how long they can make their coveted
  quarter last. Spanning over 10 years of Capcom history, this anthology contains
  hundreds of hours of gameplay with treasured favorites including the WWII-style
  plane assault of '1942', defeating Metro City street gangs in 'Final Fight',
  rescuing Princess Guinevere against zombies and demons in "Ghosts 'n Goblins',
  the unforgettable title 'Commando', plus 18 other classics that everyone grew up
  with! All of these titles can be played in either single or two player modes
  while experiencing a bountiful of bonus features such as remixed soundtracks,
  original art and playing tips, just to name a few.
release: 2005-09-27
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 1 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 1 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 (USA)/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 (USA).json
developer: Digital Eclipse
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Racing;Strategy
description:
  Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 brings together 20 of Capcom's golden arcade
  games on one disk. Turn your console into a time machine and step into memory
  lane to relive the glory days of yesteryear. Multiplayer games allow you to
  challenge all your friends. Unlock cheats to help you beat your favorite games.
  Unlockable training videos give you the upper hand in performing powerful moves.
  Gallery gives you a glance at the original art while giving a history lesson on
  the games.
release: 2006-11-04
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Castlevania - Curse of Darkness (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Castlevania - Curse of Darkness (USA)/Castlevania - Curse of Darkness (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The Castlevania series gets a new protagonist in the form of Hector, a Devil
  Forgemaster, in Castlevania: Curse of Darkness. Hector left Dracula's service to
  lead a normal life, leaving Dracula vulnerable to attack by the Belmonts. Now
  that Dracula has been vanquished, you must fight back the unholy curse that has
  spread across Europe. You can use your skills as a Devil Forgemaster to craft
  familiars that will help you during your travels. Castlevania: Curse of Darkness
  provides role-playing game and adventure elements, letting your character grow
  as he progresses through the story.
release: 2005-11-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania - Curse of Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania - Curse of Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania - Curse of Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania - Curse of Darkness (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania - Curse of Darkness (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Castlevania - Lament of Innocence (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Castlevania - Lament of Innocence (USA)/Castlevania - Lament of Innocence (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  At the dawn of the second millennium, the first Belmont makes the ultimate
  sacrifice. And the destiny of a bloodline is decided. From the creators of  of
  Castlevania Symphony of the Night and completely reinvented for its 3D debut on
  PlayStation 2, Castlevania Lament of Innocence reveals the true origins of the
  vampire-hunting Belmonts and their tireless quest for Vlad Dracula. A thousand
  years ago, a legend was indeed born. And the dying hasn't stopped since.
  .
  You play as Leon Belmont, a man skilled in combat, as he struggles to free his
  betrothed, Sara, from huge monsters. Use combos and special moves on your
  perilous journey to the evil castle. Immerse yourself in the enhanced graphics
  and mesmerizing orchestral soundtrack. Discover the true origins of Dracula and
  the Belmont family in this exciting first episode of the saga.
release: 2003-10-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Castlevania - Lament of Innocence (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Castlevania - Lament of Innocence (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Castlevania - Lament of Innocence (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Castlevania - Lament of Innocence (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Castlevania - Lament of Innocence (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Chulip (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Chulip (USA)/Chulip (USA).json
developer: Punchline
publisher: Natsume
genre: Adventure;Puzzle
description:
  Chulip is primarily a puzzle-solving adventure with a few role-playing elements.
  The player can freely explore he town, trying to figure out what to do next and
  how to do it. Kissing people is not as easy as it may seem; actions required to
  allow a person to be kissed range from waiting for the right moment to more
  difficult and branching puzzles like helping someone find a job. The more people
  the hero ends up kissing, the higher his heart meter goes, which allows the
  player to progress through the story and attempt more challenging tasks.
release: 2007-02-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Chulip (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Chulip (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Chulip (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Chulip (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Chulip (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Clock Tower 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Clock Tower 3 (USA)/Clock Tower 3 (USA).json
developer: Capcom Production Studio 3
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  Time is running out...
  .
  Yesterday Alyssa was just a normal schoolgirl: happy, cheerful and without a
  care in the world. Today that will all change when she discovers the truth about
  her family, cursed by the servants of Evil for generations. today is the day
  that Alyssa will fight back.
  .
  Can she free her family's trapped souls before the Servants of Evil stop her?
  who is the Dark Man and what is his connection to the Clock Tower? Can Alyssa
  survive the horror before  the clock strikes midnight?
  .
  From the creators of Resident Evil and Onimusha comes this chilling adventure.
  Experience a totally new type of fear - with each rapid heartbeat players will
  feel the terror in Alyssa as she tries to escape the Servants of Evil. Hide
  behind or utilize objects in game universe to help escape from the Evil Servants
  or to solve puzzles thanks to the fully interactive environment.
release: 2002-12-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Clock Tower 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Clock Tower 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Clock Tower 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Clock Tower 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Clock Tower 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Cold Fear (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Cold Fear (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Cold Fear (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Darkworks
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  A new kind of horror experience in a constantly shifting environment out at sea.
  You'll play as Tom Hansen, a US Coast Guard crewman whose team is sent to
  investigate an abandoned Russian whaling ship. As you delve deeper beneath the
  ship's bloodstained decks, you'll encounter hordes of evil creatures. To
  survive, you must eliminate your enemies, avoid traps, and get helpful
  information from other characters on the ship.
release: 2005-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cold Fear (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cold Fear (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cold Fear (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cold Fear (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Cold Fear (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Constantine (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Constantine (USA)/Constantine (USA).json
developer: Bits Studios
publisher: SCi
genre: Action
description:
  John Constantine is the name of the main character in the Hellblazer comic by
  Vertigo DC. This game is based on the movie Constantine, starring Keanu Reeves.
  The player assumes the role of Constantine, a mage/exorcist/demonslayer of the
  modern age. A man who fights Evil, but remains cynical and skeptical in the face
  of Good. He also smokes a lot.
  .
  The game is played in third person perspective, switching to first person when
  the hero enters narrow spaces. Constantine's goal is to discover how and why
  Demons have managed to physically enter Earth, although the ancient laws forbid
  it. He utilizes a number of holy weapons and artifacts, from twin revolvers
  (dubbed the Witch's Curse) that shoot stones from the Holy Lands to Holy Water
  Bombs and the Cross Shotgun. Constantine can also utilize various kinds of
  offensive magic powered by the souls of slain demons. Often he will be obliged
  to travel to Hell, which resembles a perpetually ablaze and decaying version of
  our world, in order to bypass obstacles. Each level is linear and is played
  sequentially, following most of the story of the movie with a few sections added
  in or stretched out to allow for more action. Hidden cards in levels will unlock
  cutscene animatics, concept art, and interviews with the stars of the film.
release: 2005-02-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Constantine (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Constantine (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Constantine (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Constantine (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Constantine (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Curse - The Eye of Isis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Curse - The Eye of Isis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt)/Curse - The Eye of Isis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).json
developer: Asylum Entertainment
publisher: DreamCatcher Interactive
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  London, 1890. The Eye of Isis, a priceless Egyptian statue, disappears
  mysteriously from the Museum of Great Britain. It is rumored that an ancient
  curse has been cast on the statue, and 'the Curse' will be unleashed upon
  whosoever dares to lay a finger on it... there's not a soul who will escape
  screaming insanity or a hideous and painful death. At the heart of Victorian
  England, Curse immerses you in a terrifying adventure full of suspense and
  action, which will have you rubbing shoulders with the supernatural.
release: 2004-02-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Curse - The Eye of Isis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Curse - The Eye of Isis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).jpg
assets.background: Background/Curse - The Eye of Isis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Curse - The Eye of Isis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).jpg
assets.video: Video/Curse - The Eye of Isis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: DDRMAX - Dance Dance Revolution (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/DDRMAX - Dance Dance Revolution (USA)/DDRMAX - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Music
description:
  The evolution of the revolution is here with DDRMAX: Dance Dance Revolution. The
  hottest dancing craze debuts on the PlayStation2 computer entertainment system
  with a brand new sequel to the blockbuster hit Dance Dance Revolution. Straight
  from the arcades, step into the spotlight and put your skills to the test as you
  move to the groove. Get ready to experience maximum dancing with all-new songs
  and game modes, high-energy pulsating music and stunning graphics. The ultimate
  dancing game is now revolutionary to the max!
release: 2006-06-15
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/DDRMAX - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/DDRMAX - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/DDRMAX - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/DDRMAX - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/DDRMAX - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: DDRMAX2 - Dance Dance Revolution (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/DDRMAX2 - Dance Dance Revolution (USA)/DDRMAX2 - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Music
description:
  The dance floor kicks into overdrive with DDRMAX2 Dance Dance Revolution. It is
  the latest installment of the highly anticipated DDR series and takes the
  revolution to the masses! Players can customize their own dance steps and
  workout in an innovative Exercise Mode. DDR is packed with a smash-hit lineup of
  all-new exclusive songs, licensed music and dance hits. There are cool
  contemporary game modes and brand new graphical interfaces featuring music
  videos that will keep everybody movin' and groovin' to the pulsating beats. DDR
  Max 2 also includes links to previous games for special features.
release: 2003-09-23
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/DDRMAX2 - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/DDRMAX2 - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/DDRMAX2 - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/DDRMAX2 - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/DDRMAX2 - Dance Dance Revolution (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dance Dance Revolution Extreme (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme (USA)/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Music
description:
  DDR Extreme like same from DDRMAX2 7th mix, but a change are begin. The game
  introduced the Beginner mode, Nonstop mode, a mode like Challenge mode but with
  the life bar and a grade at the end of course, and a random banner. The most
  change are the extra stage and the color, the color are green and you can pick
  your own song to try extra stage, but you can play THE LEGEND OF THE MAX if you
  want. At ONE MORE EXTRA STAGE, the banner of Dance Dance Revoloution locked
  access of other songs. If you pass, a special ending are unlocked. A new brand
  of new songs are introduced, the bemani revival songs, like Beatmania IIDX,
  pop'n music or Keyboardmania, and an outside DDR series, DDR Solo, Home DDR and
  DDR Club version songs created by DDR Extreme. A cheat code revealed the real
  number of the songs, 240 songs. when you press left and right button, series,
  abc, bpm, player best and default sort are unlocked.
release: 2004-09-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 (USA)/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 (USA).json
developer: KCE Hawaii
publisher: Konami
genre: Music
description:
  In addition to including features from the previous game, PS2 gamers will now
  have the opportunity to participate in exciting head-to-head DDR online
  competitions for the first time ever. The 100 top scorers will be recognized
  through an interactive ranking system, letting novice players test their dancing
  mettle against top-notch DDR experts. Players can also go online to access new
  challenge missions which will be refreshed periodically, allowing players a way
  to continually expand the DDR gaming experience. Whether players are looking to
  dance to the hottest tracks in town, choreograph, edit and create their own
  dance steps, or use the 'Work Out' mode to burn off excess pounds, DDR Extreme 2
  will offer players of all ages an interactive and fun way to get up and groove.
  The game's support for the EyeToy Camera continues to add depth and dimension to
  the gameplay. While using the camera, players can access fast-paced mini games
  and use both their hands and feet while dancing and watching themselves on TV.
  Keeping players on the dance mat is more than 100 minutes of energetic dance
  music, including exclusively-licensed dance hits as well as smash-hit songs,
  such as "Genie In A Bottle" and "Oops!...I Did It Again." Also adding to the
  impressive line-up of songs is new music by the famous video game musician Yuzo
  Koshiro, whose credits include composing music for hit games such as Streets of
  Rage series, Revenge of Shinobi and Shenmue.
release: 2005-09-27
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova (USA)/Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Music
description:
  The hottest revolution and bestselling video game in the music game category
  explodes onto the dance floor with Dance Dance Revolution SuperNOVA2, the
  follow-up to 2006's biggest and best DDR game to date! Dance Dance Revolution
  SuperNOVA2 will deliver a dance party extravaganza with its fun interactive
  gameplay, incredible song selection and innovative new game modes.
release: 2007-09-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dance Dance Revolution X (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dance Dance Revolution X (USA)/Dance Dance Revolution X (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Music
description:
  Celebrate the 10th anniversary of the hottest revolution and bestselling dance
  video game! Brand new to the PS2 DanceDanceRevolution X explodes onto the dance
  floor with enhanced graphics, fun interactive gameplay, an incredible song
  selection and innovative new game modes. Awesome new soundtrack packed with over
  70 songs. New mixes provide "continuous DJ mixes" of multiple songs. The
  ultimate club experience. Brand new LAN Battle Mode will let up to 8 players
  battle simultaneously through the LAN lines on their PS2. Experience the unique
  story lines of over 10 DanceDanceRevolution X characters in Street Master Mode.
  Create your own workout and fitness program through an enhanced Workout Mode.
  New DDR characters and enhanced graphics. Utilize the Eye Toy camera to
  implement yourself into the game.
release: 2008-09-16
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dance Dance Revolution X (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dance Dance Revolution X (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dance Dance Revolution X (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dance Dance Revolution X (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dance Dance Revolution X (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dance Factory (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dance Factory (USA)/Dance Factory (USA).json
developer: Broadsword Interactive
publisher: Codemasters
genre: Music
description:
  With Dance Factory you can create a choreographed routine for any CD in your
  collection. Using a spectral analysis system, the game will generate a step
  routine for each song that is average length. Dance Factory comes with five
  licensed tracks ranging from Tim MacGraw's "I Like It, I Love It" to the
  Pussycat Dolls tribute to home wreckers in "Don't Cha." The game comes with
  three dance difficulties such as easy, normal, and pro flavors, and the object
  is to hit the arrows on the dance mat at the correct time. As you hit the
  arrows, you will be informed if your step was bad timing, pretty good, or
  perfect. Increasing your accuracy unlocks bonus combos, and by filling the rank
  meter you can increase your score and change the animated visuals in the
  background.
  .
  Dance Factory includes five modes of play to entertain and exercise your body
  and brain. "Normal" mode has you dancing through one song while endurance mode
  challenges you to dance through an entire album. "Fitness" mode does not keep
  score, but counts calories that are lost as you boogie to the beat. "Record"
  mode allows you to save your custom dance routines for later use, and "EyeToy
  Camera" mode lets you see your movements and also adds two extra steps that you
  execute by using your hands. "Creature" mode will access bebop beasts that are
  hiding in music CDs everywhere. The creatures dance in the background as you cut
  a rug, and credits earned can be used to accessorize your new friend with
  sunglasses, jewelry, portable radios, and more. Challenge your friends to a den
  dance-off with a multiplayer option for up to 16 jivers.
release: 2006-08-29
players: 16
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dance Factory (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dance Factory (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dance Factory (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dance Factory (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dance Factory (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dark Angel - Vampire Apocalypse (USA) (v1.02)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dark Angel - Vampire Apocalypse (USA) (v1.02)/Dark Angel - Vampire Apocalypse (USA) (v1.02).json
developer: Metro3D
publisher: Metro3D
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Promising over 100 hours of gameplay, Dark Angel: Vampire Apocalypse is one of
  the longest adventures on the PlayStation 2. Set in the year 1640, players
  assume the role of Anna, the Dark Angel of Retribution. Though he was defeated a
  century ago, the monsters and demons faithful to the Shadow Lord have begun
  preparations for his resurrection. Anna has exactly one year to prepare for the
  battle with this demonic entity, and in this time she must explore three
  distinct villages and six unique battlegrounds, slaying all the creatures she
  comes across. An action-RPG that borrows elements from the likes of Diablo, Dark
  Angel: Vampire Apocalypse presents players with a wide array of equipment and an
  arsenal of weapons -- both, projectile-based and melee-oriented -- to collect.
  .
  Weapons are bound to the controller's four face buttons, allowing players to
  combine items as desired. The requisite meters allow you to monitor health,
  spirit, and experience levels as well as your current stash of gold. Spanning
  three separate races, the hordes of monsters all succumb to different weapons
  you have at your disposal. Broadswords for example, are particularly effective
  against the Undead. The storyline is purposely non-existent, with nothing in the
  way of cut-scenes, and minimal character interaction to reveal more of the plot.
  Players are free to do as the please with little in terms of specific objectives
  to complete. You simply have to build Anna's abilities for the duration of a
  year, and ensure that she will be strong enough when the time comes for her to
  face the Shadow Lord.
release: 2001-07-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dark Angel - Vampire Apocalypse (USA) (v1.02).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dark Angel - Vampire Apocalypse (USA) (v1.02).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dark Angel - Vampire Apocalypse (USA) (v1.02).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dark Angel - Vampire Apocalypse (USA) (v1.02).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dark Angel - Vampire Apocalypse (USA) (v1.02).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dark Cloud (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dark Cloud (USA)/Dark Cloud (USA).json
developer: Level-5
publisher: Sony
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Dark Cloud is set within a fantastic world with two moons called Terra. The
  world is made of two main continents referred to as the East and West. The
  eastern continent has a focus on technology, and the civilization is advanced
  whereas the western continent is less so, and its people prefer to "live in
  harmony with nature".\n
  On the western continent are settlements that were sealed away by the Fairy King
  during the attack by the Dark Genie and where the game primarily takes place;
  Norune, Matataki, Brownboo, Queens, Muska Lacka and a settlement on one of
  Terra's moons, Yellow Drops (Brownboo and Yellow Drops being unaffected).
release: 2001-05-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dark Cloud (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dark Cloud (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dark Cloud (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dark Cloud (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dark Cloud (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dark Cloud 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dark Cloud 2 (USA)/Dark Cloud 2 (USA).json
developer: Level-5
publisher: Sony
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  As a young inventor, you are called upon to search the dangerous dungeons,
  battle evil monsters and re-claim towns and cities.
  .
  By fighting your way through the various dungeons, you must find various ores
  hidden away. With these ores, you can determine which parts you need to re-build
  a town. It is up to you to find or create the parts needed to build the various
  buildings of each town, as well various other parts to each town.
  .
  During your adventure, you can also take pictures of various items. Once you
  have a certain amount, you can then come up with ideas for an invention that
  will aid you in your quest. From there, you must again find the parts needed to
  create the invention, and then use the invention either to help you defeat
  enemies or build the towns.
release: 2003-02-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dark Cloud 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dark Cloud 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dark Cloud 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dark Cloud 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dark Cloud 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Darkwatch (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Darkwatch (USA)/Darkwatch (USA).json
developer: High Moon Studios
publisher: Capcom
genre: Shooter
description:
  For centuries, the Darkwatch has protected the world from evil. Now, as Jericho
  Cross, you must join this secret society to save humanity... and yourself.\n
  • Powerful weapons, each with unique secondary melee attack\n
  • Fire at enemies from horseback or armored vehicles\n
  • Two-player split-screen co-op\n
  • Dynamic enemy and NPC AI - your decisions determine a path of good or evil
release: 2005-08-16
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Darkwatch (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Darkwatch (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Darkwatch (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Darkwatch (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Darkwatch (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dawn of Mana (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dawn of Mana (USA)/Dawn of Mana (USA).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Dawn of Mana, as the title suggests, focuses on the origins of Square's Secret
  of Mana action RPG series, touching upon the genesis of both the Mana Tree and
  the Sword of Mana. The game takes place on the once idyllic island named
  Illusia, where the life-giving Mana Tree has dried up and turned to stone. In
  desperate need of a hero, Illusia calls upon one of its own to save the land
  from a dire threat. Players will guide this young warrior on an epic quest that
  will have them adventuring across a completely 3D world for the first time in
  the series. From majestic plains to towering mountains, the interactive
  environments in Dawn of Mana offer an assortment of places to visit, characters
  to meet, and creatures to battle. The combat system once again unfolds in
  real-time, with players able to jump, slash with a sword, fire projectiles, and
  even swing a whip that can attach itself to objects.
release: 2006-12-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dawn of Mana (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dawn of Mana (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dawn of Mana (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dawn of Mana (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dawn of Mana (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Destroy All Humans! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Destroy All Humans! (USA)/Destroy All Humans! (USA).json
developer: Pandemic
publisher: THQ
genre: Adventure
description:
  The game begins with a Furon, Cryptosporidium-136, hovering over a launch site
  with military personnel testing a rocket. The rocket is launched and destroys
  the ship carrying Cryptospiridium-136, and leaves him fatally wounded.
  Crypto-136 is later captured, by the U.S. Army. Some time later,
  Cryptosporidium-137 travels to Earth with another Furon, Orthopox.
  Cryptosporidium (nicknamed 'Crypto') comes with the intention of rescuing 136,
  while Orthropox (nicknamed 'Pox') desires to extract human brain stems for
  study. Crypto arrives at Turnipseed Farm in the Midwest, where Pox mistakes Cows
  for Earth's dominant life-form. The Majestic agency is alerted to the Furon
  presence when Crypto decimates an army brigade passing through the area. Pox,
  communicating with Crypto through a hologram-like device, then reveals to Crypto
  that the reason he requires human brain stems is because they contain Furon
  D.N.A. handed down to them by Furon scouts eons ago when the Furons stopped on
  Earth for "shore leave" following a war with Mars (which was rendered
  uninhabitable by the Furon Empires).
release: 2005-06-21
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Destroy All Humans! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Destroy All Humans! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Destroy All Humans! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Destroy All Humans! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Destroy All Humans! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Deus Ex - The Conspiracy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Deus Ex - The Conspiracy (USA)/Deus Ex - The Conspiracy (USA).json
developer: Ion Storm
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Role-Playing;Shooter
description:
  Set in a dystopian world during the 2050s, the central plot follows rookie
  United Nations Anti-Terrorist Coalition agent JC Denton, as he sets out to
  combat terrorist forces, which have become increasingly prevalent in a world
  slipping ever further into chaos. As the plot unfolds, Denton becomes entangled
  in a deep and ancient conspiracy, encountering fictional versions of
  organizations such as Majestic 12, the Illuminati, and the Hong Kong Triads
  throughout his journey.
release: 2002-03-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Deus Ex - The Conspiracy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Deus Ex - The Conspiracy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Deus Ex - The Conspiracy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Deus Ex - The Conspiracy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Deus Ex - The Conspiracy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dot Hack Part 1 - Infection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dot Hack Part 1 - Infection (USA)/Dot Hack Part 1 - Infection (USA).json
developer: CyberConnect2 Co., Ltd.
publisher: Bandai America, Inc.
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  You're in their WORLD now!
  .
  Who is Aura? What is the Book of Twilight? Why did your friend, Orca, fall into
  a mysterious coma? As the outlaw player, Kite, you're on a mission of truth.
  Take a journey into a virtual world where anything is possible, and nothing is
  as it appears. Fight your way through contaminated levels of cyberspace as you
  take on and eliminate enemies, and unlock codes that will allow you to gate
  travel to even more environments - all in a desperate attempt to discover who or
  what's behind The World.
  .
  Embark on an epic journey to unlock the truth lurking behind The World.
  .
  .hack ranks among the top 9 RPGs for 2003! "... .hack is light-years ahead of
  most clichÃ©-riddled RPGs."\n
  -- Official PlayStation Magazine
  .
  "You thought EverQuest was adictive?"\n
  -- GamePro Magazine
  .
  "... .hack reeks of mystery and conspiracy."\n
  -- Extended Play
  .
  Simulated MMORPG: no Internet connection required!\n
  Dual Voiceover: choose either English or Japanese for a totally immersive
  experience\n
  Multiple Quests with detailed environments that transform in real time\n
  Combine Keywords to generate customized fields
  .
  From the creators of GHOST IN THE SHELL and EVANGELION! Includes a separate DVD
  containing an exclusive 45 minute original Anime movie! Watch it and uncover
  clues to solve the mystery of .hack.
release: 2002-06-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dot Hack Part 1 - Infection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dot Hack Part 1 - Infection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dot Hack Part 1 - Infection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dot Hack Part 1 - Infection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dot Hack Part 1 - Infection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dot Hack Part 2 - Mutation (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dot Hack Part 2 - Mutation (USA)/Dot Hack Part 2 - Mutation (USA).json
developer: CyberConnect2 Co., Ltd.
publisher: Bandai America, Inc.
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  .hack//Mutation is the second in a four part game series. It's a single player
  adventure / rpg that "simulates" an MMORPG (EverQuest, Ultima On-line) that has
  you playing the character Kite. You can get member addresses of other character
  and attempt to call them to in game to see if they are on-line to join you in a
  quest. Like standard MMORPG games, it has a LOT of side quests, lots of weapons
  and armor, a trading system for equipment among other character and the ability
  to move between different servers. You also have message boards and e-mail to
  communicate with other "players". This version improves the original by better
  AI control of other character's, additional items, more characters, access to
  more servers / areas, and a lot more.
release: 2003-05-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dot Hack Part 2 - Mutation (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dot Hack Part 2 - Mutation (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dot Hack Part 2 - Mutation (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dot Hack Part 2 - Mutation (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dot Hack Part 2 - Mutation (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dot Hack Part 3 - Outbreak (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Dot Hack Part 3 - Outbreak (USA)/Dot Hack Part 3 - Outbreak (USA).json
developer: CyberConnect2 Co., Ltd.
publisher: Bandai America, Inc.
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  This is a direct sequel to the first two hack games. The story of the hack
  series evolves around young people playing a massive multiplayer online RPG,
  called "The World". Some player characters in The World are mysteriously falling
  comatose - your main character Kite has to investigate the matter, aided by
  companions he meets on his trip through the virtual world.
  .
  Like the first two hack games, this is an action RPG - essentially a dungeon
  crawler. You can pause at any time during the battle to issue commands (such as
  using items). In "Outbreak", you and your opponents start at around level 50 and
  can reach level 70. You can also import a saved game from the previous game,
  .hack//MUTATION.
release: 2003-09-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dot Hack Part 3 - Outbreak (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dot Hack Part 3 - Outbreak (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dot Hack Part 3 - Outbreak (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dot Hack Part 3 - Outbreak (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Dot Hack Part 3 - Outbreak (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: DreamMix TV World Fighters (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/DreamMix TV World Fighters (Japan)/DreamMix TV World Fighters (Japan).json
developer: BitStep
publisher: Konami
genre: Fighting;Platform
description:
  A fledgling television program has been suffering from poor audience approval,
  and the station that carries the show has informed its producers that they will
  have to rectify the situation or face inevitable cancellation.
  .
  An unorthodox plan is implemented: broadcast a contest pitting various
  superstars from different realities in physical combat in order to increase
  ratings.
  .
  Gamers can choose from seventeen playable characters, each with their own themed
  backdrop, from video game and toy series such as Castlevania, Metal Gear,
  Gradius, Bomberman, Adventure Island, Bloody Roar, Transformers, Beyblade, and
  Micronauts.
release: 2003-12-18
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/DreamMix TV World Fighters (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/DreamMix TV World Fighters (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/DreamMix TV World Fighters (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/DreamMix TV World Fighters (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/DreamMix TV World Fighters (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Echo Night - Beyond (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Echo Night - Beyond (USA)/Echo Night - Beyond (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: Agetec
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  In the year 2044, Richard Osmond and Claudia Seifer take a flight into space in
  order to be married on Earth's Moon. However during the flight there is an
  accident and Richard wakes up disoriented and alone. Something strange seems to
  be going on, and maybe Richard is even seeing ghosts! He has to find Claudia
  before it's too late, and figure out what's going on.
  .
  Echo Night: Beyond is a 1st person adventure game. Controlling Richard, the
  player moves around picking up and interacting with objects, including security
  cameras and computer logs. His space suit provides a flashlight as well as a
  heart monitor. As he explores his surroundings on the moon, he's bound to become
  fearful and a little creeped out. If Richard's heart rate ever goes above 300,
  he'll die and the game is over.
release: 2004-07-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Echo Night - Beyond (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Echo Night - Beyond (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Echo Night - Beyond (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Echo Night - Beyond (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Echo Night - Beyond (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Escape from Monkey Island (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Escape from Monkey Island (USA)/Escape from Monkey Island (USA).json
developer: LucasArts
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Adventure
description:
  Guybrush Threepwood has finally defeated the zombie pirate LeChuck, and married
  his sweetheart Elaine Marley. The happy couple is returning home from an
  exciting honeymoon. But as they arrive on Melee Island, they notice some very
  strange changes. A mysterious stranger who calls himself Charles L. Charles is
  organizing a campaign to become the next governor. The Australian businessman
  Ozzie Mandrill is turning the Caribbean into an attraction for tourists. And on
  top of that, Elaine's mansion is being demolished! Naturally, it's up to our
  hero to revert the things back to normal, even if that means traveling to exotic
  islands and solving puzzles on the way.
  .
  Escape From Monkey Island is a direct sequel to The Curse of Monkey island, and
  is the fourth game in the Monkey Island series. The gameplay relies mainly on
  inventory-based puzzles and branching dialogues, just like in the previous
  installments. The interface is similar to that of Grim Fandango: mouse is not
  used, and the interaction is done via context-sensitive commands that appear on
  the screen whenever you navigate Guybrush close to an object. The game utilizes
  pre-rendered backgrounds and 3D character models.
release: 2001-06-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Escape from Monkey Island (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Escape from Monkey Island (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Escape from Monkey Island (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Escape from Monkey Island (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Escape from Monkey Island (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Evergrace (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Evergrace (USA)/Evergrace (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: Agetec
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Evergrace is very basic, Japanese action RPG. As usual, player controls a young
  hero who eventually will save the world from the clutches of evil. The story
  takes two roads of two different heroes who run around fields killing monsters
  in real time action a bit like in Zelda games. The hook in this game, or not so
  much of a hook, but the thing that separates it from most of other RPG is that
  the characters don't level up. The power of character is measured by his
  equipment so when you get a better sword, you kinda level up that way. The
  weapons and equipment are also customizable so if you like playing with your
  tools, this is the game for you. This was the first RPG to appear on PS2 in
  Europe.
release: 2000-10-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Evergrace (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Evergrace (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Evergrace (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Evergrace (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Evergrace (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Evil Dead - A Fistful of Boomstick (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Evil Dead - A Fistful of Boomstick (USA)/Evil Dead - A Fistful of Boomstick (USA).json
developer: VIS
publisher: THQ
genre: Shooter
description:
  Ash returns for another round of killing, slashing and destroying the undead.
  .
  On this occasion, with a brand new story based on the world created in the Evil
  Dead films, Ash can teleport to 4 distinct eras of Dearborn, to not only see how
  the invasion of the dead took place all those years ago, but to watch in horror
  as they multiply and control the world they now live in.
  .
  As Ash, you must use his chainsaw for a hand, as well as the trusty shotgun and
  pistol, new magic abilities (call down a rain of fire or possess the enemy to do
  the dirty work for you), plus a host of other weapons (grenades, shovels, etc.)
  to destroy the dead.
  .
  Once you complete a level in story mode, you can go back into that level in
  arcade mode and attempt to complete a range of challenges (for example, taking
  down a certain amount of evil in a set amount of time).
release: 2003-05-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Evil Dead - A Fistful of Boomstick (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Evil Dead - A Fistful of Boomstick (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Evil Dead - A Fistful of Boomstick (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Evil Dead - A Fistful of Boomstick (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Evil Dead - A Fistful of Boomstick (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Evil Dead - Regeneration (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Evil Dead - Regeneration (USA)/Evil Dead - Regeneration (USA).json
developer: Cranky Pants Games
publisher: THQ
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  Taking place right after the events depicted in the movie,Evil Dead 2, Ash is
  arrested for the murder of the Deadite bodies found at the cabin and convicted.
  Found psychopathic, Ash is sentenced to Sunny Meadows, an institute for the
  criminally insane. Though free from the madness that plagued him in the woods,
  Ash learns that the Necromonicon Ex Mortis, the Book of the Dead has fallen into
  the hands of Dr. Vladamir Reinhard, the person in charge of the asylum. In the
  basement, Dr. Reinhard experiments on unlocking the secrets of the Necromonicon.
  Using a helpless inmate named Sam as a test subject, the mad doctor frees the
  evil and once again Ash must live the nightmare as evil forces break free and
  inmates are turned into zombie deadites!
  .
  Evil Dead Regeneration is a third person action game like The Suffering. Players
  control Ash, who fights with a variety of collectable weapons, which include the
  trademark chainsaw-hand and shotgun, as well as a pistol, flamethrower, grenade
  launcher and a harpoon gun to pick up. For the most part, Ash will need to hack
  and shoot at various zombie creatures until their bodies become weak. At that
  point the player can press a button to have Ash unleash a finishing move using
  his weapons. Ash can also collect "evil essence" in order to turn himself into
  "Evil Ash", a more powerful version of himself.
  .
  Also along on the quest is Sam, turned into a half-Deadite by Dr. Reinhard, he
  acts as Ash's sidekick in a quest for revenge. Sam can be controlled after
  finding certain "possession" symbols in the game. Ash can also kick Sam in order
  to attack enemies and activate puzzles.
release: 2005-09-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Evil Dead - Regeneration (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Evil Dead - Regeneration (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Evil Dead - Regeneration (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Evil Dead - Regeneration (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Evil Dead - Regeneration (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Extermination (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Extermination (USA)/Extermination (USA).json
developer: Deep Space Inc.
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Brave PS2 gamers face off against hordes of viciously mutated creatures in this
  fast-paced shooter adventure from Deep Space and Sony. Extermination puts the
  player in the role of a highly-trained Marine Special Forces operative, Dennis
  Riley, who has orders to investigate a distress signal coming from a top secret
  base located in the empty frozen wastelands of Antarctica. Armed with a Special
  Purpose Rifle that can be upgraded with various scope, ammunition, and shotgun
  enhancements, the hero arrives to find that a mysterious plague has broken out
  in the facility and caused all life forms to mutate into deadly and evil
  creatures. Players must eliminate the threat of the virus and the hostile
  creatures it has created, all without becoming infected.
  .
  The game is played from a third-person perspective, and all of the environments
  are rendered in real-time, allowing the camera to cinematically swoop around for
  the best view possible. The camera can also be configured into a manual
  first-person view aim, allowing for extremely precise shooting as well as a
  guide to the general layout of the environment.
  .
  Extermination for the PlayStation 2 derives its roots and plays similarly to the
  survival horror game Resident Evil, but in a new twist to the genre, players
  will have to worry about becoming infected with the virus that has swept through
  the Fort Stewart installation. The infection level is measured by a percentage,
  and once that percentage reaches 100 percent, a parasite begins to spread
  throughout your body. Your health is dramatically reduced and certain elements
  (such as water) decrease your health percentage greatly. If you do not get a
  special treatment known as the MTS and find a medical bed in the installation,
  the infection takes over and turns you into a zombie-like mutant.
release: 2001-07-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Extermination (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Extermination (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Extermination (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Extermination (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Extermination (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: EyeToy - Antigrav (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/EyeToy - Antigrav (USA)/EyeToy - Antigrav (USA).json
developer: Harmonix
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Sports
description:
  EyeToy: AntiGrav is the first full-fledged game for the PS2 Eyetoy camera
  peripheral. Using a head-and-hands body recognition system, the onscreen
  character responds to the control of the player's body movements. Take one of 8
  hoverboarders through 5 tracks ranging from a run-down Chinese wharf to an
  intense professional hoverboarding arena. And while it is an "extreme" sports
  boarding game, the gameplay contains flavors of SSX, DDR, Stun Runner, a little
  Return of the Jedi, and a lot of other influences. Of course, it is the
  uniqueness of the controls that drives the design of the game, the experience of
  the game, and ultimately whether or not the player enjoys it.
release: 2004-11-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/EyeToy - Antigrav (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/EyeToy - Antigrav (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/EyeToy - Antigrav (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/EyeToy - Antigrav (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/EyeToy - Antigrav (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Fallout - Brotherhood of Steel (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Fallout - Brotherhood of Steel (USA)/Fallout - Brotherhood of Steel (USA).json
developer: Interplay Entertainment Corp.
publisher: Interplay Entertainment Corp.
genre: Action
description:
  Brotherhood of Steel is an action game set in the Fallout universe for 1 or 2
  players. The Brotherhood members are well armed and carry full clips of ammo
  (which does run out). New weapons of various nature can be found and equipped to
  bring new tactics. Shooting down enemies earns experience points and these
  points are used to improve the attributes of various individual skills.
  Additionally, your character will have to content with finding keys and other
  objects, protecting NPCs and jumping over bottomless pits.
release: 2004-01-14
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fallout - Brotherhood of Steel (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fallout - Brotherhood of Steel (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fallout - Brotherhood of Steel (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fallout - Brotherhood of Steel (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Fallout - Brotherhood of Steel (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Fatal Frame (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Fatal Frame (USA)/Fatal Frame (USA).json
developer: Tecmo
publisher: Sony
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Miku Hinasaki is young girl with a strange sixth sense. Her brother, Mafuyu, and
  his mentor, Junsei Takamine, went to investigate a mansion that once was
  inhabited by a powerful landowner who had absolute control over the area.
  Unfortunately, they never returned from their investigation. Miku enters the
  mansion, armed with only an antique camera given to her by her deceased mother,
  to try to find her brother.
  .
  While inside the mansion, Miku will encounter ghosts and other spiritual
  apparitions. In order to overcome these spirits and survive, she must use the
  magical camera to capture the ghosts on film, thereby trapping them forever.
  Ghosts range from invisible fragments hidden in scenery, to memories of the past
  that appear only for a moment before vanishing, to full body apparitions that
  will attempt to attack and kill Miku.
  .
  In order to defeat an aggressive ghost the Camera Obscura's shot must first be
  "charged" by keeping the ghost centered while it is visible. If Miku snaps a
  shot while the ghost is attacking or is vulnerable then she will drain even more
  energy from it, resulting in more spirit points being earned. Points can then be
  spent to improve her camera's attributes or give it special abilities, like
  slowing a ghost or pushing it away. The Camera Obscura can also reveal clues and
  dispel illusions, which Miku will need to utilize to solve puzzles within the
  mansion.
release: 2001-12-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fatal Frame (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fatal Frame (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fatal Frame (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fatal Frame (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Fatal Frame (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Fatal Frame II - Crimson Butterfly (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Fatal Frame II - Crimson Butterfly (USA)/Fatal Frame II - Crimson Butterfly (USA).json
developer: Tecmo
publisher: Tecmo
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Twin sisters Mio and Mayu, while visiting a vacation spot from their childhood,
  become lost in a dark forest. The path disappears behind them as they enter the
  Lost Village, a place that vanished from the living world years ago. Ghosts of
  the townspeople walk the streets and search for the twins, intent on completing
  a dark ritual long left unfinished. Mayu begins to grow distant from Mio as
  well, and she begins to speak as if she were another person entirely. By chance
  Mio finds the Camera Obscura, and with its powers she searches for a way out get
  her sister and herself out of the village.
  .
  Fatal Frame II has mostly the same gameplay as the first game in the series,
  although with a few tweaks. The camera no longer has to charge up a shot, but
  different film types now have loading times that can leave leave Mio defenseless
  if she takes a picture at a bad time. Special abilities for the camera no longer
  require a disposable item, and are instead charged by taking good shots of
  attacking ghosts. The stats of the camera and special abilities are still
  upgraded/unlocked with spirit points, but an item must first be found and spent
  as well to upgrade each level of a stat.
  .
  The Xbox release of Fatal Frame II includes an additional difficulty level, an
  additional ending, several extra unlockable cosmetic accessories, six additional
  unlockable pairs of costumes for Mio and Mayu, an unlockable survival mode with
  an additional ghost type, and an optional first person control/view style.
release: 2003-11-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fatal Frame II - Crimson Butterfly (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fatal Frame II - Crimson Butterfly (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fatal Frame II - Crimson Butterfly (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fatal Frame II - Crimson Butterfly (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Fatal Frame III - The Tormented (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Fatal Frame III - The Tormented (USA)/Fatal Frame III - The Tormented (USA).json
developer: Tecmo
publisher: Tecmo
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  The Fatal Frame series is back. Rei Kurosawa's fiancé, Yuu Asou, dies in an ugly
  car accident when she is driving. She enters a haunted mansion as part of a
  reporting assignment. Here she is frightened by images of her dead fiancé. The
  game incorporates the camera mode from the previous games, used to capture
  ghosts. You use the camera obscura not only as a weapon to capture ghosts but as
  a guide by taking pictures of the ghosts and creepy objects in the house in
  order to solve the mystery and get rid of the curse. You walk around with a
  strobe light looking for clues to the mystery.
  .
  Throughout the course of the game you can play as three women and switch between
  a dream world and real-life. All in all, it carries over the same Japanese
  horror theme as the first two.
release: 2005-11-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fatal Frame III - The Tormented (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fatal Frame III - The Tormented (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fatal Frame III - The Tormented (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fatal Frame III - The Tormented (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Fatal Frame III - The Tormented (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Fear, The (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Fear, The (Japan)/Fear, The (Japan).json
developer: Digital Frontier
publisher: Enix Corporation
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  The Fear is a horror adventure game in which players assume the role of a
  cameraman who must guide a group of actresses out of a mansion where something
  has gone horribly wrong. Gameplay is reliant on both puzzle solving and NPC
  character interaction with more than 1200 clips of FMV.
release: 2001-07-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fear, The (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fear, The (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fear, The (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fear, The (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Flipnic - Ultimate Pinball (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Flipnic - Ultimate Pinball (USA)/Flipnic - Ultimate Pinball (USA).json
developer: Sony
publisher: Sony
genre: Action
description:
  A pinball game with multiple twists. Flipnic isn't your basic pinball game, it's
  a psychedelic trip through fantastic land of pinball. The game features multiple
  tables in which the player must complete a given set of tasks before she can
  proceed to the next level. Each of the "tables" consists of many smaller playing
  areas and every one has some gimmick in them. For example, one must first freeze
  the waterfall and then destroy the ice and climb a mountain behind it. All this
  using only the paddles and the ball.
release: 2005-07-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Flipnic - Ultimate Pinball (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Flipnic - Ultimate Pinball (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Flipnic - Ultimate Pinball (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Flipnic - Ultimate Pinball (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Flipnic - Ultimate Pinball (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Galerians - Ash (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Galerians - Ash (USA)/Galerians - Ash (USA).json
developer: Polygon Magic
publisher: Sammy Studios
genre: Horror
description:
  Survival horror and science fiction come together in the sequel to Galerians. In
  Galerians: Ash, you reprise the role of Rion as he fights the Last Galerians and
  their evil leader Ash, who wants to destroy all organic life on Earth. Joined
  once again by Lilia, you must battle your enemies with all-new psychic attacks
  and neural enhancers across new and expansive environments. In this game, a
  strong psyche, puzzle-solving skills, and quick reflexes are most valuable to
  success.
release: 2003-02-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Galerians - Ash (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Galerians - Ash (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Galerians - Ash (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Galerians - Ash (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Galerians - Ash (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gauntlet - Dark Legacy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Gauntlet - Dark Legacy (USA)/Gauntlet - Dark Legacy (USA).json
developer: Midway
publisher: Midway
genre: Action
description:
  Gauntlet: Dark Legacy is the follow-up to Gauntlet: Legends and another
  installment in the long-running Gauntlet series of hack-and-slash action games.
  As with all the Gauntlet games, you play a medieval fantasy character who, along
  with allies if you have them, fights his or her way through hordes of evil
  creatures on the never ending quest for more gold and perhaps even an eventual
  goal.
  .
  This version contains the characters and levels from Gauntlet: Legends, plus the
  new characters and levels from the Dark Legacy arcade game, with a few extra
  levels thrown in.
  .
  There are eight characters to initially choose from: the mighty Warrior, the
  deadly Valkyrie, the quick-footed Archer, the powerful Wizard, the spellcasting
  Sorceress, the stalwart Knight, the valiant Dwarf, and the chaotic Jester.
  Although there are similarities between characters from the two games, each
  character looks and plays differently. In addition, there are eight
  alternative-modes for these characters to unlock, plus dozens of secret
  characters to obtain. With a multi-tap, up to four players can play, with rules
  governing how much they can hurt each other. Unlike the original Gauntlets, the
  levels you'll face take place in various terrain from forests to mountains to
  volcanic plains. Many of the monsters are familiar to old fans of the series,
  but there are some new blood among the ranks of evil, including some rather
  large foes.
release: 2001-05-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gauntlet - Dark Legacy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gauntlet - Dark Legacy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gauntlet - Dark Legacy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gauntlet - Dark Legacy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gauntlet - Dark Legacy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ghost Rider (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Ghost Rider (USA)/Ghost Rider (USA).json
developer: Climax Solent
publisher: 2K Games
genre: Action
description:
  The game picks up where the movie leaves off.  The high-octane storyline takes
  Ghost Rider to a large variety of scenes and locations while facing off against
  familiar faces from both the Marvel comic universe and Sony Pictures' movie.
  Mephisto appears on Earth and commands Vengeance to capture Johnny Blaze and
  bring him to Hell.  Once thrown through a portal to hell, Ghost Rider must find
  his way out of hell and back to his life on Earth with Roxanne.
release: 2007-02-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ghost Rider (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ghost Rider (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ghost Rider (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ghost Rider (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ghost Rider (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ghost Vibration (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Ghost Vibration (Europe)/Ghost Vibration (Europe).json
developer: Artoon
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Action
description:
  In this first person shooter on rails you are George, a ghost hunter,
  accompanied by his childhood friend and scientist Alicia. You have to
  exterminate the ghosts that inhabit an old mansion using a special weapon called
  Spirit Gun. After capturing the various spirits you can read their memories and
  use this information to solve the mysteries of this ancient mansion.
release: 2002-07-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ghost Vibration (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ghost Vibration (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ghost Vibration (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ghost Vibration (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ghost Vibration (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Ghosthunter (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Ghosthunter (USA)/Ghosthunter (USA).json
developer: SCE
publisher: SCE
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  What started as a simple report of strange lights at an abandoned school has
  become something much more for rookie cop Lazarus Jones. After unwittingly
  unleashing hundreds of ghosts from a containment facility, including one that
  took a liking to Lazarus' partner, it's now his job to travel to the four
  corners of the earth and recapture them. This is going to be one long night.
  .
  Lazarus starts the game with a pistol, but bullets aren't much use against the
  incorporeal. Eventually he will find energy weapons that can drain away a
  ghost's energy, and when a ghost has been sufficiently weakened it can be
  captured with Lazarus' homing "Ghost Grenade". Not all the monsters Lazarus
  faces are the undead, however, and more solid foes can be dispatched the
  traditional way: shooting them until they stop moving. Levels are traveled
  through sequentially and range from flooded bayous to a sunken battleship and
  abandoned prison island. Sometimes Lazarus will be assisted by a mute ghost
  named Astral who can reach areas beyond Lazarus and open paths for him. She has
  to be careful however as she has no way to attack or defend herself.
release: 2004-08-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ghosthunter (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ghosthunter (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ghosthunter (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ghosthunter (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ghosthunter (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Global Defence Force (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Global Defence Force (Europe)/Global Defence Force (Europe).json
developer: Sandlot
publisher: Essential Games
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Global Defence Force, also known as Earth Defense Force 2, is a PlayStation 2
  third-person shooter video game developed by Sandlot. The game was originally
  published as Chikyū Bōeigun 2 in Japan by D3 Publisher, as volume 81 of the
  Simple 2000 series of budget games. It was later released in Europe by Essential
  Games, the brand created by D3 Publisher to publish Simple 2000 series games in
  Europe.Players assume the role of a soldier and fight B movie styled giant ants
  and War of the Worlds type robots amongst other enemies.
release: 2007-06-29
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Global Defence Force (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Global Defence Force (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Global Defence Force (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Global Defence Force (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Global Defence Force (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Goblin Commander - Unleash the Horde (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Goblin Commander - Unleash the Horde (USA)/Goblin Commander - Unleash the Horde (USA).json
developer: Jaleco
publisher: Jaleco
genre: Puzzle;Strategy
description:
  Set in a fantasy world, the story follows the tale of a civil war between goblin
  clans after their creator and master is killed. The gameplay is a combination of
  real-time strategy and light action where players gather resources and build up
  their horde of goblins while also being able to take direct control of certain
  units.
release: 2003-11-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Goblin Commander - Unleash the Horde (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Goblin Commander - Unleash the Horde (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Goblin Commander - Unleash the Horde (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Goblin Commander - Unleash the Horde (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Goblin Commander - Unleash the Horde (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: God Hand (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/God Hand (USA)/God Hand (USA).json
developer: Clover Studio
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Beat 'em Up
description:
  GIVE DANGER A HAND!
  .
  * Defy the Laws of Physics\n
  * Gut Pounding Action\n
  * Unmatched Punching Power
  .
  You play a larger than life hero who has been given the power of the GODHAND.
  From cool moves, to the twisted painful reactions of enemies, crushing the bad
  guys has never been more satisfying
release: 2006-09-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/God Hand (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/God Hand (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/God Hand (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/God Hand (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/God Hand (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gradius V (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Gradius V (USA)/Gradius V (USA).json
developer: Treasure
publisher: Konami
genre: Shooter
description:
  Long ago, a destructive life form, born from the dark depths of space, was
  annihilated in an arduous battle with the Gradius Army. However, remnants of the
  life form’s cells somehow survived. Slowly but surely the cells multiplied and
  began to form into a new type of cell, Bacterian. Can Vic Viper, a super
  spatial-temporal fighter from the Gradius Army counter attack in time to save
  outer space from this evil empire?
release: 2004-09-14
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gradius V (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gradius V (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gradius V (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gradius V (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gradius V (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Grandia II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Grandia II (USA)/Grandia II (USA).json
developer: Game Arts
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Grandia II is a 3D RPG, viewed from a top-down perspective for most of the game
  and a 3rd person view during battle. Controlling Ryudo, the player will explore
  various locations, locating townspeople and objects within an area to interact
  with. Towns and dungeons are displayed in the same manner, though dungeons tend
  to be mazes filled with monsters and towns tend to be friendly areas filled
  instead with conversation and shops. Any monsters present in these areas will be
  shown walking around. Walking over to and touching the monster in any way will
  activate a battle. If the monster notices the player approaching it is
  considered a normal battle, if Ryudo is able to approach undetected the player's
  party will gain the initiative in battle, if any party member besides Ryudo is
  approached by the enemy then the party loses initiative.
release: 2002-01-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Grandia II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Grandia II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Grandia II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Grandia II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Grandia II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Grandia III (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Grandia III (USA)/Grandia III (USA).json
developer: Game Arts
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The longstanding RPG series returns to PlayStation 2 in this skyward-bound
  sequel. Players begin in the role of a young man named Yuki, who dreams of
  becoming an airplane pilot. He soon meets Alfina, a gifted "Communicator" who
  can actually speak with the "Guardian" gods who protect the world, but who faces
  some troubles in her own family. The two soon realize that the lands they love
  are on the brink of destruction, and that together, they may the save the good
  people of the world and shape its future for generations to come. Grandia III
  features an enhanced version of the series' distinct battle system, which is
  designed to combine the tactical empowerment of turn-based decision-making with
  the immediacy and urgency of real-time battle.
release: 2006-02-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Grandia III (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Grandia III (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Grandia III (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Grandia III (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Grandia III (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: GrimGrimoire (USA) (En,Ja)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/GrimGrimoire (USA) (En,Ja)/GrimGrimoire (USA) (En,Ja).json
developer: VanillaWare
publisher: NIS America
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  In GrimGrimoire, the player character is a young magician who has just arrived
  at her new spellcasting academy only to be the only one to escape its
  destruction. She travels back in time to relive the past few days and find a way
  to prevent it. In the lengthy RTS levels, she leads an army of magical beings,
  each having one of four types which are arranged in a rock-paper-scissors-style
  system of strengths and weaknesses.
release: 2007-06-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/GrimGrimoire (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/GrimGrimoire (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.background: Background/GrimGrimoire (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/GrimGrimoire (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.video: Video/GrimGrimoire (USA) (En,Ja).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Growlanser - Heritage of War (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Growlanser - Heritage of War (USA)/Growlanser - Heritage of War (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Growlanser: Heritage of War features a sweeping story arc spanning 5 chapters,
  with additional chapters to unlock. On an island continent shrouded in darkness
  and bounded on every shore by an impassable veil, war rages among desperate
  inhabitants fighting for survival. There is no safe haven; land that war has
  left untouched is still threatened by the Screapers, fierce and powerful
  monsters steadily encroaching on the cities of men - who will rise to save this
  dying land?
release: 2007-09-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Growlanser - Heritage of War (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Growlanser - Heritage of War (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Growlanser - Heritage of War (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Growlanser - Heritage of War (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Growlanser - Heritage of War (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Growlanser Generations (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Growlanser Generations (USA)/Growlanser Generations (USA).json
developer: Career Soft
publisher: Working Designs
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Growlanser Generations marks the first time this Turn-Based Strategy RPG series
  made it to the States. Growlanser Generations is a compilation of 2 games from
  the series, Growlanser II: The Sense of Justice and Growlanser III: The Dual
  Darkness. Growlanser Generations can give RPG fans over 60 hours of gameplay
  between the two games as well as multiple endings so pure RPG fans can play
  through a few different ways to try to see them all.
  .
  In combat, the player controls each party member by giving them orders in the
  beginning of each turn. Each game also includes an auto-battle feature which
  will let the computer fight your battles for you.
release: 2004-12-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Growlanser Generations (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Growlanser Generations (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Growlanser Generations (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Growlanser Generations (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Growlanser Generations (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Half-Life (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Half-Life (USA)/Half-Life (USA).json
developer: Valve Corporation
publisher: Sierra
genre: Shooter
description:
  In Half-Life, players assume the role of Dr Gordon Freeman, a recently graduated
  theoretical physicist who must fight his way out of a secret underground
  research facility, whose research and experiments into teleportation technology
  have gone disastrously wrong.
  .
  The Co-Op mode in the game is actually a separate mission pack called the Decay
  Missions.
release: 2001-10-29
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Half-Life (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Half-Life (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Half-Life (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Half-Life (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Half-Life (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Haunting Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Haunting Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Haunting Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: CE
genre: Horror
description:
  Haunting Ground is a horror game that centers around avoiding combat and
  escaping from your enemies. Fiona can fight, but usually she is too weak to
  defeat her foes in combat, so she will have to run away, hide, and use items as
  distraction until the enemy loses sight of her and she is able to continue
  exploring. The most important gameplay tool is your dog. You can issue commands
  to the dog, telling him to scout a room for you, warn you of upcoming enemies,
  defend you in battle, pick up items, etc. The dog will obey or disobey you
  depending on how you develop your relationship with him. If you are nice to the
  dog, pet him and give him food, he will follow your commands more efficiently.
release: 2006-08-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Haunting Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Haunting Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Haunting Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Haunting Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Haunting Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Heavenly Guardian (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Heavenly Guardian (USA)/Heavenly Guardian (USA).json
developer: Starfish SD
publisher: Starfish SD
genre: Shooter
description:
  Heavenly Guardian was originally a PS2 sequel to Taito's Kiki KaiKai series
  (better known as Pocky & Rocky outside of Japan) called simply Kiki KaiKai 2.
  The game was canceled, as Starfish lost the Kiki KaiKai license, but would later
  resurface as a Wii game entitled Kiki Kai World. Kiki Kai World was mostly
  similar to the canceled PS2 game, but with the main character's miko outfit
  recolored from red to blue. Instead of being a direct sequel to the original, it
  was more of a "spiritual successor," as to avoid legal issues with Taito and its
  parent company, Square-Enix.
release: 2008-04-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Heavenly Guardian (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Heavenly Guardian (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Heavenly Guardian (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Heavenly Guardian (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Heavenly Guardian (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Hungry Ghosts (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Hungry Ghosts (Japan)/Hungry Ghosts (Japan).json
developer: Deep Space, Inc.
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  You are dead. In life, you were a warrior who took many other lives. But now,
  your own life at its end, you find yourself at the River Styx with none other
  than Death himself as your guide. He tells you that you have a choice. You can
  let your soul be carried off to Hell, where it will suffer endless torment for
  an eternity, or you can attempt to be accepted at the Gate of Judgment, proving
  yourself worthy of being reborn as a human. Of course, the path there is long
  and wrought with peril, and only through your actions as you journey through the
  netherworld can you change your own fate.
  .
  Hungry Ghosts is a first-person adventure game with light action elements. The
  player controls the recently-deceased warrior as he travels through the
  afterlife searching for the Gate of Judgment. Many objects can be examined,
  collected, or interacted with in various ways. The protagonist begins the game
  with a spear and an empty crossbow, but can acquire and use a number of other
  weapons and items throughout the game. It is necessary to collect so-called Soul
  Fragments by helping out other lost souls, which will allow the player to
  progress through the next gate.
  .
  Every action in the game has an effect on the protagonist's fate. Simply
  reaching the Gate of Judgment is not enough to redeem him; the player will be
  judged accordingly on the actions they took to get there. For example, break
  open too many barrels and hoard every possible item, and the protagonist will be
  judged a glutton. In order to be judged fit for rebirth, the player must be
  judicious in their choices; take only what is necessary, help out others
  wherever possible, and do not cause undue suffering...
release: 2003-07-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Hungry Ghosts (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Hungry Ghosts (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Hungry Ghosts (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Hungry Ghosts (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb (USA)/Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb (USA).json
developer: The Collective, Inc
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action
description:
  Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb begins in the jungles of Ceylon, where
  Indiana Jones is searching for the idol of Kouru Watu. After retrieving the
  idol, Jones meets a Nazi named Albrecht Von Beck, who is attacked by a giant
  albino crocodile, allowing Jones to escape. Back at school in New York City,
  Chinese officials Marshall Kai Ti Chan and his assistant Mei Ying inform Jones
  of the Heart of the Dragon, a black pearl buried with the first emperor of
  China, Qin Shi Huangdi. Mei Ying breaks open the Ceylon idol to find the first
  piece of the "Mirror of Dreams", an artifact that will help navigate through the
  Emperor's Tomb and reveal the entrance to Huangdi's crypt.
release: 2003-06-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Intellivision Lives! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Intellivision Lives! (USA)/Intellivision Lives! (USA).json
developer: Realtime Associates, Inc.
publisher: Crave Entertainment, Inc.
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  IntelliVision Lives! is a compilation of over sixty games that appeared on the
  IntelliVision game system in the early 1980's. You get over sixty games in
  several categories, and they are:
  .
  .
  Combat and Sorcery:
  .
  Armor Battle\n
  Battle Tanks\n
  Biplanes\n
  B-17 Bomber\n
  Hover Force\n
  Sea Battle\n
  Sub Hunt\n
  Thunder Castle\n
  Tower of Doom\n
  Utopia
  .
  .
  Unreleased Titles:
  .
  Number Jumble\n
  Space Cadet\n
  Demo Cartridge (not a game, but a demo showcasing IntelliVision games)\n
  Hypnotic Lights\n
  Takeover\n
  Magic Carousel
  .
  .
  Space:
  .
  Astrosmash\n
  Space Armada (think Space Invaders)\n
  Space Battle\n
  Space Hawk\n
  Space Spartans\n
  Star Strike
  .
  .
  Kids:
  .
  Crosswords\n
  Factor Fun\n
  Frog Bog\n
  Math Master\n
  Memory Fun\n
  Sharp Shot\n
  Word Hunt\n
  Word Rockets
  .
  .
  Sports:
  .
  Baseball (Baseball, World Championship Baseball)\n
  Basketball (Basketball, Slam Dunk: Super Pro Basketball)\n
  Bowling\n
  Boxing\n
  Football (Football, Super Pro Football)\n
  Golf (Golf, Chip Shot: Super Pro Golf)\n
  Hockey (Hockey, Slap Shot: Super Pro Hockey)\n
  Racing (Auto Racing, Motocross, Stadium Mudbuggies)\n
  Skiing (Skiing, Mountain Madness: Super Pro Skiing)\n
  Soccer\n
  Tennis\n
  Track & Field (Super Pro Decathlon)\n
  Volleyball (Spiker: Super Pro Volleyball)\n
  Wrestling (Body Slam: Super Pro Wrestling)
  .
  .
  Arcade:
  .
  Bomb Squad\n
  Buzz Bombers\n
  Racing Cars\n
  Night Stalker\n
  Pinball\n
  Shark! Shark!\n
  SNAFU\n
  Thin Ice\n
  Vectron
  .
  .
  Gaming and Strategy:
  .
  Backgammon\n
  Checkers\n
  Horseracing\n
  Las Vegas Poker & Blackjack\n
  Reversi\n
  Las Vegas Roulette\n
  Royal Dealer
  .
  The game also features two video features; one is the history of the
  IntelliVision, and the other is a collection of interviews with various game
  programmers who worked with the IntelliVision. You can also unlock bonus
  commercials for the games (as shown originally in the eighties) by completing
  goals in certain games (like scoring 20,000 points in Space Armada).
release: 2003-11-20
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Intellivision Lives! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Intellivision Lives! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Intellivision Lives! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Intellivision Lives! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Intellivision Lives! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Artificial Mind & Movement
publisher: Sega
genre: Action
description:
  The game of Iron Man puts you under the skin of Tony Stark. He is a billionaire
  weapon-industrialist and genius inventor who, after being kidnapped by
  terrorists who want to force him to build weapons for them, builds an armor
  instead to escape. Since then, he decided to stop producing weapons and keeps on
  working on the suit to fight them back.
  .
  The games take the story further, giving the player the chance to go through
  more than 12 different missions and even fight villains that do not appear on
  the movie, like Whiplash and Titanium Man. All this is shown through cinematics
  between every mission and use the voices of actors of the movie like Robert
  Downey Jr. and Terrence Howard.
release: 2008-05-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA)/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  Brought to you by PlayStation Underground. Demos included: Killzone, Jak 3, ATV
  Offroad Fury 3, Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal, Area-51, Star Wars
  Battlefront, Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater, Burnout 3: Takedown, Silent Hill 4
  The Room, Def Jam Fight for NY, ACE COMBAT 5: The Unsung War and Ghost in the
  Shell - Stand Alone Complex. Check out what's inside.. Try out some of the
  upcoming releases. Be the first to play this season's hottest new games.
release: 2004-10-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA) (Mature)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA) (Mature)/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA) (Mature).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  Brought to you by PlayStation Underground. Demos included: Killzone, Jak 3, ATV
  Offroad Fury 3, Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal, Area-51, Star Wars
  Battlefront, Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater, Burnout 3: Takedown, Silent Hill 4
  The Room, Def Jam Fight for NY, ACE COMBAT 5: The Unsung War and Ghost in the
  Shell - Stand Alone Complex. Check out what's inside.. Try out some of the
  upcoming releases. Be the first to play this season's hottest new games.
release: 2004-10-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA) (Mature).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA) (Mature).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA) (Mature).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jampack Demo Disc Volume 11 (USA) (Mature).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Jampack Winter 2003 (USA) (Mature)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Jampack Winter 2003 (USA) (Mature)/Jampack Winter 2003 (USA) (Mature).json
developer: Sony
publisher: Sony
genre: Action
description:
  A collection of demos from the Official PlayStation Magazine.  Two different
  versions exist that had different box art as well as some differences in the
  collection.
  .
  One disc contains demos of Downhill Domination, NCAA GameBreaker 2004, NFL
  GameDay 2004, Ratchet & Clank: Going Commando, Need for Speed Underground,
  DDRMAX2 Dance Dance Revolution, Finding Nemo, Prince of Persia: The Sands of
  Time, Whiplash and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
  .
  The other disc contains demos of NCAA GameBreaker 2004, NFL GameDay 2004,
  Ratchet & Clank: Going Commando, Rise to Honor, SOCOM II: U.S. Navy SEALs,
  Syphon Filter: The Omega Strain, Castlevania: Lament of Innocence, DDRMAX2 Dance
  Dance Revolution, Need for Speed Underground, XIII, Whiplash and James Bond 007:
  Everything or Nothing.
release: 2003-10-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jampack Winter 2003 (USA) (Mature).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jampack Winter 2003 (USA) (Mature).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jampack Winter 2003 (USA) (Mature).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jampack Winter 2003 (USA) (Mature).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Just Cause (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Just Cause (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Just Cause (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Avalanche Studios
publisher: Eidos
genre: Action;Sandbox;Shooter
description:
  You are Rico Rodriguez, a CIA-agent who is sent to the small Island of San
  Esperito to start a revolution and bring down the current regime under the rule
  of General Salvador Mendoza.
  .
  After you jumped out of the airplane and helped your local contact survive an
  attack by gang members, you have - much like GTA: San Andreas - the freedom to
  do what you want. The complete island is accessible from the beginning and you
  can either follow the main storyline, engage in side-missions, or collect items
  all over the place. To help the revolution you can also drive the government out
  of the individual sectors on the island. This is accomplished by a three-stages
  fight in which you have to go up against a huge army of government forces.
  .
  As a fully trained agent, Rico can also perform many stunts. He has always an
  parachute equipped which he can open whenever he has enough speed. So he often
  uses cars or bikes as a jump-pad and then sails smoothly into the sunset.
  .
  But of course he cannot impress the evil regime with that, so he also has access
  to a wide range of weapons from pistols with unlimited ammo to rocket launchers
  and machine guns. Rico is also trained to drive everything that has an engine,
  from a normal bike to a fully-armed military helicopter.
release: 2006-09-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Just Cause (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Just Cause (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Just Cause (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Just Cause (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Just Cause (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Katamari Damacy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Katamari Damacy (USA)/Katamari Damacy (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  The King of All Cosmos accidentally destroyed the stars and—having
  recovered—wants the prince to rebuild them. Unfortunately the prince stands a
  little less than half a foot tall, so recreating the stars will require some
  effort. Enter the Katamari, a sphere the prince can push around our world to
  "roll up" items increasing the Katamari’s size until it’s suitable for the King.
  .
  Taking place in stylized versions of Japanese houses, cities, and environs, the
  prince pushes the Katamari around collecting items which adhere to it. At first,
  the prince can only pick up smaller items, but as the Katamari grows, the more
  it can collect. Push pins and paper clips cling to the Katamari increasing its
  size so it can roll over obstacles and pick up bigger items. Over many levels,
  the Katamari can eventually pick up people, cars, and other bigger items.
  .
  Players steer the Katamari from a third-person perspective using the analog
  sticks on the PS2. A tutorial stage takes the player through the controls and
  sets up the story as well as introducing a side story about a Japanese girl who
  can feel the cosmos. Wanting to challenge the prince, the King sets requirements
  on the Katamari’s size and sets time limits on the level. Bonus missions restore
  constellations and have their own restrictions.
  .
  The world of Katamari Damacy is brought to life with off-beat animation and a
  catchy soundtrack. Players can find presents hidden in the levels that contain
  accessories for the prince. Two players can also battle head-to-head in a
  Katamari competition.
release: 2004-09-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Katamari Damacy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Katamari Damacy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Katamari Damacy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Katamari Damacy (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Katamari Damacy (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kuon (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Kuon (Japan)/Kuon (Japan).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: FromSoftware, Inc.
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Kuon is a horror game set in Heian period (12th century) in Japan. You control
  three protagonists in the game. The story revolves around a man named Doman, an
  exorcist who was summoned by one of the noblemen to investigate a cursed manor.
  His daughter Utsuki is out to search for him when he doesn't return, and her
  sister is charmed by demons inhabiting a mysterious castle, turning into a demon
  herself. A young girl named Sakuya, Doman's disciple, also ventures into the
  depths of the demonic world, to prove herself worthy of her master. Once the
  player completes Utsuki's and Sakuya's scenarios, he unlocks the third scenario
  where he experiences the story from the point of view of Doman himself.
  .
  The game is a mixture of third-person action and puzzle-solving. As in all
  survival horror games, your means of defense are limited and scarce. Unlike most
  games of the kind, physical attacks with weapons are not your only way to defend
  yourself against hordes of undead creatures. You can also learn and cast spells
  in the game, and even summon creatures (wolves, spiders, etc.) to fight at your
  side.
release: 2004-12-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kuon (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kuon (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kuon (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kuon (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Kyoufu Shinbun Kaiki! Shinrei File (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Kyoufu Shinbun Kaiki! Shinrei File (Japan)/Kyoufu Shinbun Kaiki! Shinrei File (Japan).json
developer: KCEJ
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;General
description:
  Kyoufu Shinbun (Heisei-Han) Kaiki! Shinrei File is an Adventure game, developed
  by KCEJ and published by Konami, which was released in Japan in 2003.
release: 2003-08-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kyoufu Shinbun Kaiki! Shinrei File (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kyoufu Shinbun Kaiki! Shinrei File (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kyoufu Shinbun Kaiki! Shinrei File (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kyoufu Shinbun Kaiki! Shinrei File (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: LEGO Star Wars - The Video Game (USA) (v2.00)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/LEGO Star Wars - The Video Game (USA) (v2.00)/LEGO Star Wars - The Video Game (USA) (v2.00).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Action
description:
  Gameplay in Lego Star Wars is geared towards family play, and as such does not
  feature a game over scenario. Given a specific set of characters in each
  scenario, based on a scene from each of the movies, up to two players can
  control them, using their different abilities. By walking up to another friendly
  character, the player can switch control over to that character, which is
  necessary for using some of their abilities to complete puzzles. Studs can be
  found by finding them, smashing or using the force on certain objects, or
  defeating enemies. Players will lose studs however if their character is
  destroyed (as opposed to losing lives). These studs can be spent on unlocking
  new characters for Free Play mode. Certain segments of the game feature players
  controlling spaceships flying on a flat plane. There are also several minikit
  canisters hidden throughout each level that, when collected, come together to
  form a vehicle. Completing certain requirements, such as collecting enough studs
  in a level, earns Golden Bricks that can be traded for cheats.
  .
  When the player first starts the game, they must first complete Chapter I of The
  Phantom Menace. However, once that chapter is completed, the player may choose
  to play levels from the other two movies, able to play any unlocked levels in
  their desired order. Completing all the game's levels with full stud bars will
  unlock an additional chapter based on the opening scene of A New Hope.
release: 2005-03-29
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Star Wars - The Video Game (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Star Wars - The Video Game (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Star Wars - The Video Game (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Star Wars - The Video Game (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.video: Video/LEGO Star Wars - The Video Game (USA) (v2.00).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: La Pucelle - Tactics (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/La Pucelle - Tactics (USA)/La Pucelle - Tactics (USA).json
developer: NIS
publisher: Mastiff
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Prier and her brother Culotte are novices with the demon-hunting organization,
  La Pucelle. They've just passed their final exams and are ready to do real work
  fighting demons and zombies, but quickly find themselves embroiled in a series
  of plots orchestrated by a rival church with dark intentions. The gameplay is
  played on a tactical map, as teams up to six characters work to clear boards of
  enemies and dark energy. The unique "purify" command allows players to recruit
  monsters to their team and execute complex "miracle" energy attacks.
release: 2004-05-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/La Pucelle - Tactics (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/La Pucelle - Tactics (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/La Pucelle - Tactics (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/La Pucelle - Tactics (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/La Pucelle - Tactics (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legacy of Kain - Defiance (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Legacy of Kain - Defiance (USA)/Legacy of Kain - Defiance (USA).json
developer: Crystal Dynamics
publisher: Eidos
genre: Action
description:
  Defiance continues the journey of the Vampire lord Kain and his
  lieutenant-turned-wraith Raziel. After having Raziel killed to be revived by the
  Elder God as a wraith during the events of Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver, Kain
  travels backwards through time and is followed by Raziel into Nosgoth's past,
  uncovering the conspiratorial events that led to the land being doomed to an
  eternity of corruption. After establishing his free will by refusing to kill
  Kain when prophesied, Raziel discovers that Moebius the Timestreamer had
  originally manipulated Kain into igniting a genocidal war against Vampires until
  he was the last of his kind. In manipulating Raziel who has free will and thus
  whose decisions and actions cannot be foreseen by Moebius, Kain hopes to find a
  way to undo the consequences of his actions and restore Nosgoth to its former
  glory.
release: 2003-11-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legacy of Kain - Defiance (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legacy of Kain - Defiance (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legacy of Kain - Defiance (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legacy of Kain - Defiance (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legacy of Kain - Defiance (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver 2 (USA)/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver 2 (USA).json
developer: Crystal Dynamics
publisher: Eidos
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The game begins by retelling the final battle with Kain in the original Soul
  Reaver: Raziel confronts Kain in the Chronoplast time machine, and the two enter
  a portal through time to emerge thirty years before the events of Blood Omen.
  Moebius the Timestreamer tells Raziel that Kain is at the Pillars of Nosgoth,
  and Raziel goes and confronts him. Kain reveals he has plans to transform
  history to avert the consequences of his decision, when his past self refused to
  sacrifice himself to restore Nosgoth and doomed the land to eternal decay. Kain
  vanishes, and Raziel continues northward and finds the vampire Vorador, who
  hints at a profound secret that the deceased vampire Janos Audron once knew.
  Deciding to speak with Janos, Raziel returns to the Sarafan stronghold where he
  again meets Kain, who tells Raziel the Soul Reaver is the only way history can
  be changed, as he did so when battling William the Just with a future
  incarnation of the Reaver in Blood Omen. Kain hands Raziel the material Soul
  Reaver, and the spectral Soul Reaver Raziel has coils around it. Raziel is faced
  with a dilemma: kill Kain and submit to fate, or establish his free will by
  refusing. Raziel avoids dealing the death blow, changing time again before Kain
  vanishes. Raziel finds Moebius in his timestreaming chamber and forces him to
  send him to the past before the vampire purge of the Sarafan Order, but Moebius
  tricks him.
release: 2001-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver 2 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Life Line (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Life Line (USA)/Life Line (USA).json
developer: SCEJ
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  In Lifeline, you'll battle deadly creatures, solve puzzles, and escape from a
  space station--all with the sound of your voice. Trapped in the station's
  control room after a massive attack, you must use verbal communication--through
  the USB headset--to guide a female survivor, named Rio, around a hostile hotel
  environment. Voice commands, such as "shoot and reload," "dodge to the left,"
  "look behind you," and others, will come in handy as you battle vicious aliens.
release: 2004-03-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Life Line (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Life Line (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Life Line (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Life Line (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Life Line (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: MDK2 - Armageddon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/MDK2 - Armageddon (USA)/MDK2 - Armageddon (USA).json
developer: BioWare
publisher: Interplay
genre: Action;Platform;Shooter
description:
  Max is the dog. Doctor Hawkins is the man who built the dog. Kurt Hectic is the
  bionically infused sniper-bazooka-toting flying cyborg one-man-arsenal
  freak-a-zoid. Together, they're the MDK in Interplay's sequel to the maniacally
  gorgeous, maniacally hysterical, and maniacally explosive original. MDK2
  Armageddon rides wild on the throttling PlayStation 2, with maddening visual
  beauty and frenzied gameplay that gamers have come to expect from this quirky
  game. Fanatic followers of MDK surely saw the PC release of MDK 2 earlier last
  year, but those games can't hold a candle to MDK2 Armageddon powder keg--the
  developers at BioWare have changed every single level and puzzle of the game, as
  well as tweaked out the graphics to the max, for a full-on twisted remix of MDK2
  that will have you crying out for mama, and your mama crying out for somebody
  else's mama. Once you’re in the scopes of MDK2 Armageddon, prepare for the blam!
release: 2001-03-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/MDK2 - Armageddon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/MDK2 - Armageddon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/MDK2 - Armageddon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/MDK2 - Armageddon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/MDK2 - Armageddon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Manhunt (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Manhunt (USA)/Manhunt (USA).json
developer: Rockstar
publisher: Rockstar
genre: Action;Horror;Stealth
description:
  Walk in the shoes of James Earl Cash, a man sentenced to death only to find
  himself given an unexpected and sinister reprieve. Forced to fight and outwit
  hordes of bloodthirsty gang members vying for his head on a platter. All
  orchestrated for pleasure and profit by the voice of an unseen Director. This is
  a brutal bloodsport.
release: 2003-11-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Manhunt (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Manhunt (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Manhunt (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Manhunt (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Manhunt (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Manhunt 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Manhunt 2 (USA)/Manhunt 2 (USA).json
developer: Rockstar
publisher: Rockstar
genre: Action
description:
  During a severe lightning storm, the security systems at the Dixmor Asylum for
  the Criminally Insane go offline, allowing inmates Daniel Lamb and Leo Kasper to
  escape. Daniel is disoriented and amnesiac, unable to remember anything about
  himself. Under Leo's guidance, he makes his way back to the ruins of his old
  home, which is located nearby. Inside, Daniel recovers drugs which help to clear
  his head, and discovers hints about the details of his former life. He and Leo
  follow a series of clues to unravel the secrets of Daniel's past, killing anyone
  who interferes; along the way, they are pursued by bounty hunters and agents of
  a mysterious organization called "the Project".
release: 2007-10-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Manhunt 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Manhunt 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Manhunt 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Manhunt 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Manhunt 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Marvel - Ultimate Alliance (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance (USA)/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance (USA).json
developer: Raven
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Dr. Doom has united supervillains as the Masters of Evil. Now for the first time
  ever, over 20 Marvel superheroes including Spider-Man, Captain America,
  Wolverine, Ghost Rider, Blade and Silver Surfer have come together to stop Doom.
  Mix and match your choice of Marvel superheroes, in teams of four as you travel
  across the Marvel Universe to stop this threat. Certain teams such as The
  Fantastic Four and The New Avengers provide additional bonuses.
  .
  Some heroes must be unlocked first. The game also features RPG elements, such as
  leveling up. When a hero gains a level, they earn points you can use to upgrade
  their skills. You also collect Shield Coins, which can be spent on boosts for
  your hero team.
  .
  You explore various legendary Marvel locales, from Asgard, to Prince Namor's
  Atlantis, where you take on foes with punches, kicks and super powers. Super
  powers drain energy, however, so use them wisely. Combos can be achieved by
  combining super powers. Energy is restored by collecting blue orbs from fallen
  foes.
  .
  Boss battles are like the comics themselves: titanic battles that often not only
  test brawn but your brain as well. With over 20 playable heroes plus all the
  cameos, there are over 100 heroes and villains.
release: 2006-10-26
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Matrix, The - Path of Neo (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Matrix, The - Path of Neo (USA)/Matrix, The - Path of Neo (USA).json
developer: Shiny Entertainment
publisher: Atari
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  You can play as Neo in a story spanning the entire Matrix trilogy in The Matrix:
  Path of Neo. The game's story is written and directed by the Wachowski siblings,
  who created the movie trilogy. You can employ all the reality-bending powers of
  "The One" as you engage in fights both from the movie and made exclusively for
  the game. The Matrix: Path of Neo also includes new, unreleased video from the
  movies, and new characters that expand the story of The Matrix.
release: 2005-11-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Matrix, The - Path of Neo (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Matrix, The - Path of Neo (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Matrix, The - Path of Neo (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Matrix, The - Path of Neo (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Matrix, The - Path of Neo (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Max Payne (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Max Payne (USA)/Max Payne (USA).json
developer: Remedy
publisher: Rockstar
genre: Shooter
description:
  A man with nothing to lose in the violent, cold urban night. A fugitive
  undercover cop framed for murder, and now hunted by cops and the mob. Max is a
  man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win.
  Prepare for a new breed of deep action game. Prepare for pain...
  .
  This stylish, urban, revenge-driven action game is set in New York's grimy
  underground. Max Payne is an original third-person 3D game based on the
  groundbreaking MAX-FX engine, and uses photo-digitized textures and radiosity
  lighting, resulting in heart-stopping, photo-realistic visuals and breath taking
  movie-quality effects as Max Payne fights his way to uncover the truth.
release: 2001-12-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Max Payne (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Max Payne (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Max Payne (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Max Payne (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Max Payne (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Max Payne 2 - The Fall of Max Payne (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Max Payne 2 - The Fall of Max Payne (USA)/Max Payne 2 - The Fall of Max Payne (USA).json
developer: Remedy Entertainment
publisher: Rockstar Games
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Two years after the events of the first game, Max Payne has quit his job at the
  DEA and returned to his former job as an NYPD detective. While investigating a
  series of murders by a group of contract killers called the Cleaners, Max
  encounters Mona Sax, who was assumed dead at the end of the previous game.
  Wanted for the murder of Senator Gates and, despite Max's protests, Mona is
  arrested and taken to the police station. While at the station, Max overhears
  his new partner, Detective Valerie Winterson, talking on the phone about Mona.
  Suddenly, the station is attacked by the Cleaners, who are looking for Mona.
  Before they reach her, Mona breaks out of her cell and vanishes into the night.
release: 2003-10-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Max Payne 2 - The Fall of Max Payne (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Max Payne 2 - The Fall of Max Payne (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Max Payne 2 - The Fall of Max Payne (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Max Payne 2 - The Fall of Max Payne (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Max Payne 2 - The Fall of Max Payne (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man Anniversary Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Mega Man Anniversary Collection (USA)/Mega Man Anniversary Collection (USA).json
developer: Atomic Planet Entertainment
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Have a blast with Mega Man titles past-plus dozens of original, unreleased
  games, footage, art and music-featured in this special collection celebrating
  Mega Man's 15th anniversary. For the first time ever you can play the original
  Mega Man 1 through 8 series, along with two cool arcade games never before
  released in the U.S. That's 10 Mega Man games on 1 disc! Add to that, original
  footage from the Mega Man TV series, more than 30 original artwork selections
  and remixed music tracks that were inspired by the series.
release: 2004-06-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man Anniversary Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man Anniversary Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man Anniversary Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man Anniversary Collection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man Anniversary Collection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man X Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Mega Man X Collection (USA)/Mega Man X Collection (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Platform
description:
  Mega Man X Collection contains the first six games in the Mega Man X series.
  Mega Man X and Mega Man X2 are based on their appearances on the SNES. Mega Man
  X3, also originally on the SNES, is based on its 32-bit update for the
  PlayStation, Sega Saturn, and PC. The remaining three games are based on their
  PlayStation renditions. All the games now use save files, including the first
  few titles that originally necessitated a password for continuation, though upon
  loading save data, the player is still greeted with the old, fully-functional
  password entry screen, complete with the correct password to access the saved
  game. Mega Man Battle & Chase is a game that is unlocked after completing the
  first three games. It is a classic series kart-racing game previously unreleased
  in North America. Mega Man X Collection also contains unlockable artwork and
  music. Both the PlayStation 2 and GameCube versions are identical.
release: 2006-01-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man X Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man X Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man X Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man X Collection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man X Collection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man X7 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Mega Man X7 (USA)/Mega Man X7 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action
description:
  The plot of Mega Man X7 takes place in the 22nd century during an age when
  humans coexist with humanoid robots called "Reploids". As some Reploids
  participate in violent and destructive crime, a police organization called the
  "Maverick Hunters" was established to stamp out this activity. As the Reploid
  conflicts proceed after the Nightmare phenomena event of Mega Man X6, the world
  is slowly recovering. But as always, Maverick crime is rising in newly
  constructed cities. As this new crime wave hits, X finds himself trying to
  answer moral questions that have plagued him since he joined the Maverick
  Hunters: "Are we doing the right thing to solve this matter?", leading him to
  the decision of "I've had enough of this violence." Unable to assuage his
  conscience, he drops from the battle frontlines and assumes a more strategic
  support role at headquarters. With X's retirement, a massive power vacuum ensues
  and many independent groups develop, trying to fill the void left by the hunter.
  Prominent among these groups is the "Red Alert Syndicate", growing large enough
  to become a dominant force. The Red Alert is a new group of Reploids, similar to
  the Repliforce, but consisting of vigilantes. They claim to hunt Mavericks, but
  apparently do more than that. One of their members, Axl, decides he's had enough
  of their "murdering" and tries to leave the group. Red, the group's leader, is
  angered by Axl deserting, and goes on a rampage to get Axl back.
release: 2003-10-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man X7 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man X7 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man X7 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man X7 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man X7 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mega Man X8 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Mega Man X8 (USA)/Mega Man X8 (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  In the late 22nd century, humans have commenced a construction of an orbital
  elevator to the Moon. A Reploid named Lumine was put in charge of the project.
  Lumine belonged to the new generation of Reploids, which were apparently unable
  to become Mavericks (i.e. turn hostile towards humans). Soon thereafter, Lumine
  was kidnapped by unknown assailants. The team of Maverick Hunters, composed of
  X, Axl, and Zero, must pursue the abductors and find what they were truly after.
  However, they will also have to deal with familiar enemies from the past...
  .
  Mega Man X8 is similar in visual style to earlier Mega Man X games, moving away
  from the 3D gameplay elements introduced by its predecessor. As in classic Mega
  Man games, the player is free to tackle the levels in any order, and must defeat
  a boss at the end of each. The player is able to control X, Axl, and Zero, which
  are distinguished by their gameplay style: X is able to equip body parts and
  armor, Axl specializes in guns and can also hover and glide in the air, while
  Zero focuses on short-range attacks.
release: 2005-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mega Man X8 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mega Man X8 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mega Man X8 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mega Man X8 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mega Man X8 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Midway Arcade Treasures (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Midway Arcade Treasures (USA)/Midway Arcade Treasures (USA).json
developer: Midway
publisher: Midway
genre: Action
description:
  The collection consists of the following 24 arcade games:
  .
  720°, released in 1986\n
  Blaster, released in 1983\n
  Bubbles, released in 1983\n
  Defender, released in 1981\n
  Defender II aka StarGate, released in 1981\n
  Gauntlet, released in 1985\n
  Joust, released in 1982\n
  Joust 2: Survival of the Fittest, released in 1986\n
  Klax, released in 1989\n
  Marble Madness, released in 1984\n
  Paperboy, released in 1984\n
  Rampage, released in 1986\n
  Rampart, released in 1990\n
  Road Blasters, released in 1987\n
  Robotron: 2084, released in 1982\n
  Root Beer Tapper, released in 1984\n
  Satan's Hollow, released in 1982\n
  Sinistar, released in 1982\n
  Smash TV, released in 1990\n
  SPLAT!, released in 1982\n
  Spy Hunter, released in 1983\n
  Super Sprint, released in 1986\n
  Toobin', released in 1988\n
  Vindicators, released in 1988
release: 2003-11-18
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Midway Arcade Treasures (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Midway Arcade Treasures (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Midway Arcade Treasures (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Midway Arcade Treasures (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Midway Arcade Treasures (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Midway Arcade Treasures 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Midway Arcade Treasures 2 (USA)/Midway Arcade Treasures 2 (USA).json
developer: Digital Eclipse Software, Inc.
publisher: Midway Home Entertainment, Inc.
genre: Action;Fighting;Puzzle;Shooter;Sports
description:
  Midway Arcade Treasures 2 is the second collection of classic arcade games
  published by Midway for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox. This compilation
  includes 20 games that were not in the 2003 release of Midway Arcade Treasures
  or the 2005 release of Midway Arcade Treasures 3.
  .
  The game plays similar on all three consoles, though the Xbox version has the
  exclusive ability to upload scores to an online scoreboard. The Xbox version,
  however, is not compatible with the Xbox 360. The special features on each
  version of the game are the same. These include game histories, developer
  interviews, and other documents.
release: 2004-10-11
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Midway Arcade Treasures 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Midway Arcade Treasures 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Midway Arcade Treasures 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Midway Arcade Treasures 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Midway Arcade Treasures 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Midway Arcade Treasures 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Midway Arcade Treasures 3 (USA)/Midway Arcade Treasures 3 (USA).json
developer: Digital Eclipse Software, Inc.
publisher: Midway Home Entertainment, Inc.
genre: Racing
description:
  Midway Arcade Treasures 3 is a compilation of arcade and racing games for the
  PlayStation 2, Xbox and Nintendo GameCube. It is the third and final installment
  following Midway Arcade Treasures and Midway Arcade Treasures 2. Like the first
  and second installments, however, Midway Arcade Treasures 3 is not compatible
  with an Xbox 360
release: 2005-09-26
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Midway Arcade Treasures 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Midway Arcade Treasures 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Midway Arcade Treasures 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Midway Arcade Treasures 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Midway Arcade Treasures 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Minority Report - Everybody Runs (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Minority Report - Everybody Runs (USA)/Minority Report - Everybody Runs (USA).json
developer: Treyarch
publisher: Activision
genre: Action
description:
  The player assumes the role of John Anderton, a man on the run after "Pre-Cogs"
  predict him murdering a man named Leo Crow. The player treks through different
  parts of Washington DC, from the Pre-Crime HQ to the slums and factory areas, to
  clear John's name and solve the mystery behind his murder accusation.
release: 2002-11-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Minority Report - Everybody Runs (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Minority Report - Everybody Runs (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Minority Report - Everybody Runs (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Minority Report - Everybody Runs (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Minority Report - Everybody Runs (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Namco x Capcom (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Namco x Capcom (Japan)/Namco x Capcom (Japan).json
developer: Monolith Soft
publisher: Namco
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  This game is an action, tactical role-playing video game developed by Monolith
  Soft and featuring characters from games produced by companies Namco and Capcom.
release: 2005-05-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Namco x Capcom (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Namco x Capcom (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Namco x Capcom (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Namco x Capcom (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Nightmare of Druaga, The - Fushigino Dungeon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Nightmare of Druaga, The - Fushigino Dungeon (USA)/Nightmare of Druaga, The - Fushigino Dungeon (USA).json
developer: Arika Co., Ltd., Chunsoft Co., Ltd.
publisher: Namco
genre: Adventure;Strategy
description:
  In this turn-based dungeon crawler you play as Gil, whose beloved fiancee has
  been kidnapped by a sorceress and taken to the Tower of Druaga. Gil puts on a
  suit of armor that radiates light, and proceeds into the dungeon to save his
  beloved Ki.
  .
  The combat system and exploration might be the best part of the game. The map is
  set up in a grid, and you do everything in turns, like moving, battling, or
  recovering. The timing of moves is also critical, and the game feels like a
  real-time game because you aren't waiting like you typically would for
  turn-based games.
  .
  The Nightmare of Druaga: Fushigino dungeon is a collaboration between the
  Mysterious Dungeon series and the arcade classic The Tower of Druaga.
release: 2004-10-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Nightmare of Druaga, The - Fushigino Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Nightmare of Druaga, The - Fushigino Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Nightmare of Druaga, The - Fushigino Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Nightmare of Druaga, The - Fushigino Dungeon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Nightmare of Druaga, The - Fushigino Dungeon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: ObsCure (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/ObsCure (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/ObsCure (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Hydravision Entertainment
publisher: MC2-Microïds
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Something is very wrong at Leafmore High. The entire school has turned dark and
  foreboding, strange sounds echo in the halls, and several people have
  mysteriously gone missing. One group of brave teens decides to find out what's
  going on... no matter what. They have no idea what kind of horrors have gripped
  the school and everyone in it. In the darkness, the evil has power... but add
  light and they can be defeated. Will they survive the night ahead?
  .
  In Solo Mode, choose from 5 characters with different personalities, aptitude
  and perspectives. Change between them at any time (as long as they are still
  alive).
  .
  The player can also select a second person (as a "teammate") to accompany the
  player by going to a "gathering point" in the game. At any time during play, the
  player can switch control between the first character and the second, thereby
  accessing their special talents.
  .
  There are several basic types of weapons used in the game: contact (a baseball
  bat for instance), pistols, guns, and more exotic, high-powered "special"
  weapons. Ammunition is specific for each gun or pistol and is not
  interchangeable. Weapons can be swapped between characters and ammunition found
  is stored in the group's reserves for sharing amongst them.
  .
  The player will also be gathering up first-aid kits, discs (for saving games),
  keys, screwdrivers and other tools. Other objects are required for solving
  riddles within the game.
release: 2005-04-06
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/ObsCure (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/ObsCure (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/ObsCure (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/ObsCure (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/ObsCure (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: ObsCure - The Aftermath (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/ObsCure - The Aftermath (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/ObsCure - The Aftermath (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Hydravision Entertainment
publisher: Playlogic International N.V.
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  It has been two years since the incident at Leafmore High you witnessed in
  ObsCure and the survivors of the nightmare moved on to a university of
  Fallcreek. When they killed Herbert Friedman, the conductor of the biological
  experiment with the black flowers, they assumed everything was okay, of course
  it was not. The seeds of the flower had already spread around and it grew and
  blossomed without much notice. When it was discovered, that the flowers contain
  a dangerous substance that induces strange but vivid dreams, it became the new
  hit drug on the campus. Now the seeds begin to germinate and the bad trip turns
  into a horrible nightmare. The only ones that really know what is going on are
  the ones that are experiencing it for the second time and hide terrible secrets
  inside themselves...
  .
  Most of the time you take control over two of the six available characters. Each
  one has a speciality that comes in handy in order to open blocked doors or
  reaching new heights. Kenny for example has more muscles than brain and is
  therefore able to move around crates. Mei is instead a hacker and knows how to
  hack access panels. You can switch between both characters at any time and if
  you need another character in a given situation, you can go back to a gathering
  point and change your team.
release: 2007-09-07
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/ObsCure - The Aftermath (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/ObsCure - The Aftermath (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/ObsCure - The Aftermath (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/ObsCure - The Aftermath (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/ObsCure - The Aftermath (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Odin Sphere (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Odin Sphere (USA)/Odin Sphere (USA).json
developer: VanillaWare
publisher: Atlus
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  The nations of Erion had always held an uneasy peace, as the various kings and
  queens watched each other for any signs of weakness. When the country of
  Valentine is obliterated by the power of an ancient artifact, it sparks a bloody
  war between the fairies of Ringford and the warriors of Ragnanival. Little do
  they know that they are acting out an almost-forgotten prophecy: one that, if
  fulfilled, will lead to the destruction of the entire world. Take control of the
  warrior princess Gwendolyn, daughter of Odin, and follow the threads of an
  intricately woven story as you uncover the truth behind the prophecy - and how
  to bring it to an end. Five playable characters in all; each one's fate is
  intertwined with the others'. A robust cooking and alchemy system that can be
  used to create powerful attack and recovery items.
release: 2007-05-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Odin Sphere (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Odin Sphere (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Odin Sphere (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Odin Sphere (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Odin Sphere (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Oni (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Oni (USA)/Oni (USA).json
developer: Bungie Studios
publisher: Rockstar Games
genre: Adventure;Fighting;Shooter
description:
  It's 2032. The planet is now ruled by the World Coalition Government which
  annexed 80% of the countries, with the remaining quickly dragged into the WCG.
  While their official goal was to solve humankind's problems, it was about money.
  Massive spending bankrupted poorer countries, and soon all traces of individual
  government disappeared. For those who were poor, the situation didn't improved
  one bit, and for the richer, maintaining the status was done at the expense of
  their privacy and personal freedoms. To make things worse, life outside the
  major cities, far from the atmosphere processors is nearly impossible, as the
  so-called "Wilderness Preserves" are poisoned, and those who venture into them
  risk a painful death.
  .
  Konoko, fresh out from TCTF (Technology Crimes Task Force, a secret police to
  take cyber drugs and weapons from the streets, as well as explore the induced
  technophobia to operate and investigate on a blank check permission) academy is
  placed under the command of Terrance Griffin and Dr. Kerr and linked to a SLD -
  an android - called Shinatama, who is neurally linked to her. However, Konoko
  knows next to nothing about her past, other that she was orphaned at the age of
  three and felt "different" to other people while was being brought up under the
  wing of TCTF. After many years in training, she has finally the chance to prove
  herself to Griffin and the TCTF, and so, heads for a warehouse rumoured to be
  under the control of the Syndicate, a criminal organization which grew
  exponentially after a young man called "Boss Muro" climbed to the top of the
  organization.
release: 2001-01-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Oni (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Oni (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Oni (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Oni (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Oni (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Operative, The - No One Lives Forever (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Operative, The - No One Lives Forever (USA)/Operative, The - No One Lives Forever (USA).json
developer: Monolith
publisher: Sierra
genre: Shooter
description:
  The Operative: No One Lives Forever is a story-driven video game, set in the
  1960s, and stars female protagonist and spy Cate Archer as the epynomous
  Operative, who works for UNITY – a secret British organization that watches over
  world peace. During the story of the game, Archer is sent on missions to a
  number of locales, including Morocco, East and West Germany, and gets into
  intense situations, such as scuba diving a shipwreck, freefalling from an
  airplane without a parachute, and exploring a space station in outer space, all
  the while fighting armed villains.
release: 2002-04-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Operative, The - No One Lives Forever (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Operative, The - No One Lives Forever (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Operative, The - No One Lives Forever (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Operative, The - No One Lives Forever (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Operative, The - No One Lives Forever (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Pac-Man World 2 (USA) (v2.00)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Pac-Man World 2 (USA) (v2.00)/Pac-Man World 2 (USA) (v2.00).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Long ago, back in medieval times, an evil spirit known as Spooky had terrorized
  all of Pac-Land. In response to this, the great Wizard Pac created a potion that
  turned 5 ordinary fruit into the "Golden Fruit." A young knight called Sir
  Pac-alot fought and sealed Spooky underneath a large tree using the Golden
  Fruit, which were attached to the branches of the tree. In the present time late
  at night, Inky, Pinky, Blinky and Clyde sneak into the village and, in their
  mischief, pick the Golden Fruit off the tree in the center of town.
  Unfortunately, this has released Spooky from his prison. Spooky tells the ghosts
  to take the Golden Fruit and follow him if they wish to rid the land of the
  Pac-people forever. When Pac-Man awakes, he hears the news from Professor Pac
  about the Golden Fruit and Spooky, and sets off to defeat the ghosts and Spooky.
release: 2002-02-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pac-Man World 2 (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pac-Man World 2 (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pac-Man World 2 (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pac-Man World 2 (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pac-Man World 2 (USA) (v2.00).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Phase Paradox (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Phase Paradox (Japan)/Phase Paradox (Japan).json
developer: Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Phase Paradox is an early PS2 release and a sequel to the early PSX multi-angle
  bullet hell shooter Philosoma.\n
  Gameplay consists of classic survival horror style exploration via fixed third
  person camera angles. Breaking up these segments are cinematics sometimes
  punctuated by a binary yes/no choice mechanic.
release: 2001-05-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Phase Paradox (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Phase Paradox (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Phase Paradox (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Phase Paradox (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Pinball Hall of Fame - The Gottlieb Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Pinball Hall of Fame - The Gottlieb Collection (USA)/Pinball Hall of Fame - The Gottlieb Collection (USA).json
developer: FarSight Studios
publisher: Crave Entertainment
genre: Action;Pinball
description:
  Pinball Hall of Fame features more than eight pinball tables from the '60s
  through the '90s. The game features realistic physics, detailed graphics, and
  sounds captured directly from the actual tables. A tutorial fly-through of each
  table helps you plan your strategy and make every shot count. Compete for the
  high score alone or against three of your friends. With enough play, you'll
  learn fun facts about each table and even unlock a bonus table.
release: 2004-11-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Pinball Hall of Fame - The Gottlieb Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Pinball Hall of Fame - The Gottlieb Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Pinball Hall of Fame - The Gottlieb Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Pinball Hall of Fame - The Gottlieb Collection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Pinball Hall of Fame - The Gottlieb Collection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation 2 Online Start-Up Disc 4.0 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/PlayStation 2 Online Start-Up Disc 4.0 (USA)/PlayStation 2 Online Start-Up Disc 4.0 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Tool
description:
  The PlayStation 2 Online Start-Up Disc allowed users to hook up the console
  to the Internet.
release: 2000
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation 2 Online Start-Up Disc 4.0 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation 2 Online Start-Up Disc 4.0 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation 2 Online Start-Up Disc 4.0 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation 2 Online Start-Up Disc 4.0 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2001 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2001 (USA)/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2001 (USA).json
developer: SCEA
publisher: SCEA
genre: Miscellaneous;Demo Disc
description:
  PlayStation 2 Demos & Videos Plus: Codes, sneak peaks and tons More! Straight
  from the PlayStation Underground!
  .
  - Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy
  .
  - Kinetica
  .
  - Extermination
  .
  - OKAGE: Shadow King
  .
  - Drakan: The Ancients' Gates
  .
  - SSX Tricky
  .
  - Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance
  .
  - Dynasty Warriors 3
  .
  - Final Fantasy X
  .
  - Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3
  .
  Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. will donate a portion of all proceeds
  we receive from the sale of this Jampack to aid the victims of the Sept. 11
  tragedy.
release: 2001-11-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2001 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2001 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2001 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/PlayStation Underground Jampack - Winter 2001 (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Project - Snowblind (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Project - Snowblind (USA)/Project - Snowblind (USA).json
developer: Crystal Dynamics
publisher: Eidos
genre: Shooter
description:
  The game takes place in the year 2065 in Hong Kong. The city is suddenly
  attacked by a hostile force known as the Republic, led by a rogue Chinese
  general named Yan Lo. An international peacekeeping force stationed in Hong
  Kong, known as the Liberty Coalition, is tasked with defending the island from
  the invasion.
  .
  The story follows Liberty Coalition 2nd Lieutenant Nathan Frost, who is
  critically injured in a surprise attack by the Republic while attempting to save
  the life of a wounded soldier. He is rebuilt by the Coalition using experimental
  nano-technology. Using the powers granted to him by his nano-technology
  augmentations, Frost spearheads the Coalition's counter-attack against the
  Republic, eventually rescuing a defecting Republic scientist named Dr. Joseph
  Liaw. Dr. Liaw informs Frost about a plot by General Yan Lo known as Project:
  Snowblind.
release: 2005-02-02
players: 16
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Project - Snowblind (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Project - Snowblind (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Project - Snowblind (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Project - Snowblind (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Project - Snowblind (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Psychonauts (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Psychonauts (USA)/Psychonauts (USA).json
developer: Double Fine
publisher: Majesco
genre: Platform
description:
  At a summer camp for up-and-coming psychics, a young boy with an unusually high
  level of psychic ability inexplicably shows up. The boy, named Raz, is allowed
  to stay at the camp until his father comes to pick him up, but his arrival
  coincides with very strange circumstances. Soon, evidence that someone is
  psychically tampering with the campers' minds reveals itself, and Raz is the
  only one who can stop it.\n
  Raz must project himself into the psyches of several different people in order
  to figure out what is going on and who is behind the recent occurrences.
release: 2005-04-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Psychonauts (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Psychonauts (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Psychonauts (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Psychonauts (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Psychonauts (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Punisher, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Punisher, The (USA)/Punisher, The (USA).json
developer: Volition
publisher: THQ
genre: Action
description:
  The Punisher is a third person action game that pits the player against the
  darkest scum of the Marvel Comics' universe. With over a dozen grimy New York
  locales, this superhero adaptation embraces the feel of the 30 year comic
  series.
  .
  Featuring loads of weapons, brutal environmental kills and an innovative new
  interrogation engine where the player controls every last aspect of over 70
  torture scenarios, the Punisher provides a rich gaming experience for fans of
  dark, intense action.
  .
  Story written by comics authors Garth Ennis and Jimmy Palmiotti.
release: 2005-01-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Punisher, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Punisher, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Punisher, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Punisher, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Punisher, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Quake III - Revolution (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Quake III - Revolution (USA)/Quake III - Revolution (USA).json
developer: Bullfrog Productions
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Shooter
description:
  The PS2 version of PC game Quake III: Arena includes all the maps and skins from
  the original title and the add-on pack Quake III: Team Arena. Quake is known for
  its fast-paced gameplay, movement-based tactics and jumps, and a balanced range
  of weapons, both prediction-based and hit-scan.
  .
  An updated single player mode is available, as well as several multiplayer
  modes. Choose from Deatmatch, Team Deathmatch, Single Weapon Deathmatch, Single
  Weapon Team Deathmatch, 1 Flag Capture the Flag, Capture the Flag, Team
  Possession, and Possession. Up to 4 players can play together through
  split-screen.
  .
  In this console version players get to use a variety of weapons: the Plasma Gun,
  Shotgun, Rocket Launcher, Chain Gun, Rail Gun and Machine Gun. The game's levels
  include many different landscapes ranging from wide open areas to winding
  tunnels. There are lava pits, water ways and a space station.
release: 2001-03-27
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Quake III - Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Quake III - Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Quake III - Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Quake III - Revolution (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Quake III - Revolution (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: RLH - Run Like Hell (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/RLH - Run Like Hell (USA)/RLH - Run Like Hell (USA).json
developer: Digital Mayhem
publisher: Interplay Entertainment Corp.
genre: Action
description:
  Run Like Hell is a survival horror game.
  .
  You are Captain Nicholas Conner, a former pilot who works on a space station,
  involved in a project funded by the government. You travel between planets on
  mundane assignments, only to return to your home station to find the place a
  complete wreck, courtesy of an evil alien race. All crew members have been
  killed, violently, and it is up to you to stop the alien race, or run like hell.
  .
  The game encompasses seven chapters, with multiple areas and missions per
  chapter. You will be tasked with solving puzzles, killing aliens, and finding
  out just what the hell happened. Enemies come in a variety of shapes and sizes,
  from small "grunt" type enemies to huge enemies that tower ten feet above you.
  Each has it's own health and power, and each will provide a good challenge.
  .
  In a departure from previous survival horror games, there isn't much puzzle
  solving and not much slow times. The entire game is a fast paced, frantic battle
  for survival, hence the title. When spotted by an enemy, it will chase you until
  it's either killed or blocked, and running is often the only option. You will
  use a variety of weapons to defeat the aliens, such as a shotgun, and more
  futuristic weapons, like a pulse blaster and nerve destroyer.
release: 2002-10-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/RLH - Run Like Hell (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/RLH - Run Like Hell (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/RLH - Run Like Hell (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/RLH - Run Like Hell (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/RLH - Run Like Hell (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: RPG Maker 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/RPG Maker 3 (USA)/RPG Maker 3 (USA).json
developer: Runtime
publisher: Agetec
genre: Construction and Management Simulation;Role-Playing
description:
  This game is the sixth numbered entry, and the second one for the PlayStation 2,
  of the role-playing game construction kit. Assemble your own custom 3D RPG using
  a tile-based map editor, set events, quests, and story elements, and make it all
  come together in a coherent, enjoyable game. Select from thousands of different
  character graphics and magic effects, sound samples, and more.
release: 2005-09-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/RPG Maker 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/RPG Maker 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/RPG Maker 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/RPG Maker 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/RPG Maker 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: RPG Maker II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/RPG Maker II (USA)/RPG Maker II (USA).json
developer: Codemasters
publisher: Codemasters
genre: Construction and Management Simulation;Racing;Role-Playing
description:
  Sequel to RPG Maker (PSX) moves the roleplaying creation experience into the 3D
  realm by harnessing the power of the PS2. RPG Maker II offers everything players
  could need to bring their own fantasy game worlds to life. Build original worlds
  from scratch using a variety of 3D tools that include: a character editor, map
  creation tools, visual FX editor, script editor, and monster animation. By
  providing fully rendered 3D models for all the characters, monsters,
  backgrounds, and items, RPG Maker II lets you write your own stories and make
  them come to life. The roleplaying creation kit offers over 200 characters and
  enemies, more than 250 objects, and an infinite number of Magic/Skill abilities,
  weapons, equipment, and items, a help feature, up to 8 MB of storage, keyboard
  and camera compatibility, and more.
release: 2003-10-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/RPG Maker II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/RPG Maker II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/RPG Maker II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/RPG Maker II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/RPG Maker II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Radiata Stories (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Radiata Stories (USA)/Radiata Stories (USA).json
developer: tri-Ace
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Radiata Stories is a fantasy role-playing game set in a world where humans and
  fairies have peacefully coexisted. Now a war has broken out, and you must guide
  two young protagonists in a mission to save Radiata from destruction. Combat
  features a real-time link system in which multiple characters can combine
  abilities to form more powerful attacks. Radiata Stories also features an
  interactive environment and more than 175 characters that you can recruit to
  join and help you on your quest.
release: 2005-09-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Radiata Stories (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Radiata Stories (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Radiata Stories (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Radiata Stories (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Radiata Stories (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Red Faction (USA) (v1.01)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Red Faction (USA) (v1.01)/Red Faction (USA) (v1.01).json
developer: Volition
publisher: THQ
genre: Shooter
description:
  Red Faction takes place on Mars around the year 2070. Earth’s minerals are being
  depleted and humans need more of them to survive. The vast Ultor Corporation
  runs the mining operation on Mars. The living conditions are deplorable, human
  rights for the miners are few and a disease called "The Plague" is running
  rampant throughout the colony with no known antidote available - predominantly
  within the confines of the mine complex. Parker, a downtrodden miner, came to
  Mars to make a new start in his life - taken in by the promises and advantages
  Ultor has to offer in the mines of Mars. After a routine day in the mine with
  the typical aggression toward miners and cramped living conditions and poor
  nutrition, he witnesses the spark that starts a rebellion when a security guard
  abuses a miner at the end of his shift and heartlessly kills him. Parker takes
  up arms, with the help of Hendrix, a rebellious Ultor security technician who
  guides Parker through the complex.
release: 2001-05-21
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Red Faction (USA) (v1.01).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Red Faction (USA) (v1.01).jpg
assets.background: Background/Red Faction (USA) (v1.01).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Red Faction (USA) (v1.01).jpg
assets.video: Video/Red Faction (USA) (v1.01).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Red Faction II (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Red Faction II (USA)/Red Faction II (USA).json
developer: Volition Inc.
publisher: THQ
genre: Action;Shooter;First-Person;Arcade
description:
  The sequel to Red Faction keeps the same exciting features from the original and
  introduces a new cast of characters and storyline. In Red Faction II's
  futuristic setting, humankind is under the rule of an evil dictatorship, and
  only a group of freedom fighters called Red Faction stands in its way. As a
  super-soldier alias, you join their cause with an arsenal of high-powered
  weapons and heavy vehicles. You can even use this firepower on your environment,
  which can be strategically altered and destroyed.
release: 2002-10-15
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Red Faction II (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Red Faction II (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Red Faction II (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Red Faction II (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Red Faction II (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Red Ninja - End of Honor (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Red Ninja - End of Honor (USA)/Red Ninja - End of Honor (USA).json
developer: Opus
publisher: VU Games
genre: Action;Adventure;Stealth
description:
  As the power of the samurai class fades, Japan turns to the ninja to uphold
  political power during chaotic times. One such ninja, Kurenai, lives to avenge
  her father's death and will go to any means necessary to destroy the Black
  Lizard Clan. Kurenai is a master of the tetsugen, a wire weapon that can cut off
  an enemy's head or hang them from a tree, depending on the end attachments used
  and the length and strength of the weapon's wire. Aggressively employing such
  tactics as wearing disguises, using womanly wiles, and controlling Ninjutsu
  powers will help you to escape enemies.
release: 2005-03-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Red Ninja - End of Honor (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Red Ninja - End of Honor (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Red Ninja - End of Honor (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Red Ninja - End of Honor (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Red Ninja - End of Honor (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - Code - Veronica X (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Resident Evil - Code - Veronica X (USA)/Resident Evil - Code - Veronica X (USA).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Resident Evil Code: Veronica X (Biohazard Code: Veronica ~Complete Edition~in
  Japan) is an updated version of the original Resident Evil Code: Veronica
  released for the PlayStation 2 and Sega Dreamcast in 2001 and the Nintendo
  GameCube in 2003.
  .
  Code: Veronica X is almost identical to the original in terms of gameplay, the
  only major difference being having to find a serum for Claire, if she is
  poisoned in the Nosferatu battle, after she is rescued with Chris in the
  mansion, where they later fight Alexia for the first time. It also features nine
  minutes of additional cut scenes spliced into the main game, as well as mild
  graphical changes.
release: 2001-03-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Code - Veronica X (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Code - Veronica X (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Code - Veronica X (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Code - Veronica X (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - Dead Aim (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Resident Evil - Dead Aim (USA)/Resident Evil - Dead Aim (USA).json
developer: Cavia
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror
description:
  In a combination of a horror game and light-gun game, Resident Evil: Dead Aim
  puts you on a cruise ship infested with zombies. You start off as Bruce
  McGivern, a US government agent sent to stop Morpheus D. Duvall from spreading
  the zombie T-virus any further. Along the way you'll run into Fongling, a
  Chinese government agent who is aboard the cruise ship for the same reason, and
  you'll also end up playing as her. All you really need to know is that there are
  zombies and you have to kill them.
  .
  You'll pick up several different guns through the course of the game, including
  a magnum, a shotgun, and an assault rifle, but like in other Resident Evil
  games, zombies are difficult to put down permanently, and ammo can be very
  scarce.
release: 2003-06-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Dead Aim (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Dead Aim (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Dead Aim (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Dead Aim (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - Dead Aim (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Resident Evil - Outbreak (USA) (v2.00)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Resident Evil - Outbreak (USA) (v2.00)/Resident Evil - Outbreak (USA) (v2.00).json
developer: Capcom Production Studio 1
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  Resident Evil Outbreak returns you to the Umbrella Corporations disaster that
  consumed Racoon city. You play one of eight ordinary citizens of Racoon city
  attempting to survive the carnage caused by the T-Virus.
  .
  There are five different scenarios in this game. Initially only one is open to
  you, this is concerned with the outbreak in the city, but upon its completion
  further scenarios with different plots and locations become available.
  .
  Gameplay is similar to the previous Resident Evil games. It consists mainly of
  exploring, solving puzzles, finding items and of course surviving. This is also
  the first game of the resident evil franchise that can be played on-line, with
  up to four people playing cooperatively in order to survive.
release: 2003-12-11
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Outbreak (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Outbreak (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Outbreak (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Outbreak (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - Outbreak (USA) (v2.00).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Resident Evil - Outbreak - File 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Resident Evil - Outbreak - File 2 (USA)/Resident Evil - Outbreak - File 2 (USA).json
developer: Capcom Production Studio 1
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror;Puzzle
description:
  Raccoon City has been infected by the Umbrella corporations deadly T-Virus. A
  mutagenic toxin that turns its human victims into flesh eating zombies. The few
  survivors must try to escape the city before the government deploys its final
  solution to the problem of Raccoon City...
  .
  Once again you find yourself playing the eight characters of the original
  Resident Evil: Outbreak in more scenarios set in the ruins of what used to be
  Raccoon City.
  .
  The new game has several new scenarios and boasts new gameplay developments for
  the Resident Evil series. Loading times have been reduced and while the previous
  Outbreak was on-line enabled in the US, this game is the first on-line Resident
  Evil game in Europe.
  .
  The locals featured in this game include both the familiar (The Raccoon Police
  Department) and the exotic (A mutated jungle at mid-day) ones. The game boasts a
  hefty amount of unlockable material such as artworks, notes, trivia, and
  character costumes. The game is backwards compatible with your save file from
  Resident Evil: Outbreak, meaning that you can take your unlocked content to this
  new setting.
release: 2004-09-09
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil - Outbreak - File 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil - Outbreak - File 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil - Outbreak - File 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil - Outbreak - File 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil - Outbreak - File 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Resident Evil 4 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Resident Evil 4 (USA)/Resident Evil 4 (USA).json
developer: Capcom Production Studio 4
publisher: Capcom
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  Picking up six years after Resident Evil 2, the fourth game in the series
  follows former cop (now US agent) Leon S. Kennedy to Europe on a top secret
  mission to investigate the disappearance of the president's daughter Ashley. As
  Leon encounters unimaginable horrors, he must find out who or what is behind
  everything. Old friends...and enemies...lurk around every corner as Leon
  attempts to find out who is truly behind the kidnapping of the president's
  daughter.
  .
  Resident Evil 4 is a major change from the previous installments. Instead of a
  fixed third person perspective, the game features a new "behind the back"
  movement camera angle and an "over the shoulder" aiming feature that allows
  players to control their gun movement for specific body part hits. It features a
  brand new AI system and more open environments that allow enemies to work
  together to capture and corner Leon. Enemies are now humans, which allows them
  to climb up ladders, open doors, and use weapons throughout the game.
release: 2005-10-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Resident Evil 4 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Resident Evil 4 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Resident Evil 4 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Resident Evil 4 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Resident Evil 4 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rockman - Power Battle Fighters (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Rockman - Power Battle Fighters (Japan)/Rockman - Power Battle Fighters (Japan).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  Includes "RockMan The Power Battle" and "RockMan 2 The Power Fighters"!
  .
  .
  Operate RockMan, Blues, Forte, Duo...
  .
  Join in a fierce battle with unique boss characters!
  .
  .
  This is a "RockMan The Power Battle" and "RockMan 2 The Power Fighters"
  compilation. It is ported from the arcade version.
release: 2004-08-05
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rockman - Power Battle Fighters (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rockman - Power Battle Fighters (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rockman - Power Battle Fighters (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rockman - Power Battle Fighters (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Rule of Rose (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Rule of Rose (USA)/Rule of Rose (USA).json
developer: Punchline
publisher: Atlus
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror;Puzzle
description:
  The player explores the game environments looking for restorative items,
  furthering the plot by accomplishing tasks and experiencing cut-scenes while
  sporadically encountering enemies and bosses. Early in the game, the player
  encounters and rescues Brown, Jennifer's pet Labrador Retriever.Brown
  accompanies Jennifer throughout the game and will respond to the player's
  commands. Brown can be ordered to track items by scent, be commanded to 'stay'
  and be called to Jennifer's side. Brown cannot attack enemies, but will growl,
  which distracts some imps and bosses, allowing Jennifer to retreat or land a few
  blows without fear of retaliation. He can be injured to the point of collapse,
  however, causing him to stop distracting enemies or tracking an item.
release: 2006-09-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rule of Rose (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rule of Rose (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rule of Rose (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rule of Rose (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rule of Rose (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Rygar - The Legendary Adventure (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Rygar - The Legendary Adventure (USA)/Rygar - The Legendary Adventure (USA).json
developer: Tecmo
publisher: Tecmo
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  This is a 3D-based sequel to Rygar, a Tecmo title which was successful in the
  arcades and on many home systems.
  .
  In the land of Argos, Princess Harmonia is kidnapped by the Titans, who are led
  by ancient gods Cleopatra and a winged-demon character named Aristotle, in an
  attempt to release the evil spirit of Cronus. A young gladiator in training
  named Rygar hears her cries for help, and rushes to her rescue.
  .
  Armed with a legendary device called the Diskarmor, Rygar will explore the land
  of Argos, destroying enemies and powerful demons, while finding items and
  seeking information to aid him in his search for Princess Harmonia. Once Rygar
  has powered up his Diskarmor, it is up to him to stop Cleopatra and Aristotle,
  save the Princess and all of Argos from evil.
release: 2002-11-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rygar - The Legendary Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rygar - The Legendary Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rygar - The Legendary Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rygar - The Legendary Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Rygar - The Legendary Adventure (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: SOCOM - U.S. Navy SEALs (USA) (v3.00)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/SOCOM - U.S. Navy SEALs (USA) (v3.00)/SOCOM - U.S. Navy SEALs (USA) (v3.00).json
developer: Zipper
publisher: Sony
genre: Shooter
description:
  The player leads a four-man team (three AI-controlled teammates) of United
  States Navy SEALs through 12 missions in four regions: Alaska, Thailand, Congo,
  and Turkmenistan in the years 2006 and 2007. In the single player missions,
  commands can be spoken using the included USB headset or via an onscreen menu if
  the optional SOCOM headset was not purchased. Typical missions consist of
  killing terrorists, rescuing hostages, retrieving intelligence, or destroying
  terrorist bases.
  .
  The player character's codename is Kahuna, while the NPC teammates' codenames
  are Boomer, Spectre and Jester. The team is divided into two sub-groups, Alpha
  and Bravo. The Alpha group consists of the player and Boomer, while the
  remaining two make up Bravo. Commands can be issued to both individuals and a
  whole group, for example it is possible to ask team Bravo to remain stationary
  while the player is scouting the area with Boomer. However the player can not
  venture alone through a map, when Kahuna is too far away from Boomer he will
  automatically resume following the player, regardless of prior orders. Briefings
  and intel such as maps and photos are given prior to each mission.
release: 2002-08-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SOCOM - U.S. Navy SEALs (USA) (v3.00).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SOCOM - U.S. Navy SEALs (USA) (v3.00).jpg
assets.background: Background/SOCOM - U.S. Navy SEALs (USA) (v3.00).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SOCOM - U.S. Navy SEALs (USA) (v3.00).jpg
assets.video: Video/SOCOM - U.S. Navy SEALs (USA) (v3.00).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 1 - Phantasy Star Generation-1 (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 1 - Phantasy Star Generation-1 (Japan)/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 1 - Phantasy Star Generation-1 (Japan).json
developer: Sega
publisher: 3D-Ages
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Generation 1 is effectively a remake of the original 1987 Sega Master System
  release of Phantasy Star. Though extremely similar to the original, it offers an
  updated battle system (similar to Phantasy Star II/Phantasy Star IV), improved
  graphics, a new soundtrack and various gameplay tweaks to bring it in line with
  more modern RPGs.
release: 2003-08-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 1 - Phantasy Star Generation-1 (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 1 - Phantasy Star Generation-1 (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 1 - Phantasy Star Generation-1 (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 1 - Phantasy Star Generation-1 (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 1 - Phantasy Star Generation-1 (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17 - Phantasy Star Generation-2 (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17 - Phantasy Star Generation-2 (Japan)/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17 - Phantasy Star Generation-2 (Japan).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  This game is much like Phantasy Star Generation: 1, except that it stands as a
  remake of Phantasy Star II. Like the first "generation" a number of tweaks were
  made to bring it in line with more modern RPGs, and the graphics and sound have
  been updated.
  .
  Also included is an emulated version of the Mega Drive Phantasy Star II (the
  Japanese version).
release: 2005-03-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17 - Phantasy Star Generation-2 (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17 - Phantasy Star Generation-2 (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17 - Phantasy Star Generation-2 (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17 - Phantasy Star Generation-2 (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 17 - Phantasy Star Generation-2 (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25 - Gunstar Heroes - Treasure Box (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25 - Gunstar Heroes - Treasure Box (Japan)/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25 - Gunstar Heroes - Treasure Box (Japan).json
developer: M2 Co.,LTD
publisher: Sega
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25: Gunstar Heroes Treasure Box (SEGA AGES 2500シリーズ
  Vol.25 ガンスターヒーローズ ～トレジャーボックス～) is the twenty-fifth entry in the Sega Ages 2500
  series for the PlayStation 2.
  .
  This game is a compilation, containing three titles by Treasure. Everything is
  emulated, with several additional options to tweak the emulation process, though
  the sound is slightly inaccurate. There are extensive galleries for all three
  games and overseas versions to play. More interestingly, a hidden prototype
  version of Gunstar Heroes exists.
  .
  It was later rereleased on the PlayStation 3's PlayStation Network as a digital
  download as Gunstar Heroes: Treasure Box. As this entry was released with the
  older CERO rating system, the rerelease was rerated A.
  .
  Games included\n
  Gunstar Heroes (Sega Mega Drive)\n
  Dynamite Headdy (Sega Mega Drive)\n
  Alien Soldier (Sega Mega Drive)\n
  Gunstar Heroes Prototype (Sega Mega Drive)\n
  Gunstar Heroes (Sega Game Gear)\n
  Dynamite Headdy (Sega Game Gear)\n
  Dynamite Headdy (Sega Master System)
release: 2006-02-23
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25 - Gunstar Heroes - Treasure Box (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25 - Gunstar Heroes - Treasure Box (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25 - Gunstar Heroes - Treasure Box (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25 - Gunstar Heroes - Treasure Box (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 25 - Gunstar Heroes - Treasure Box (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 26 - Dynamite Deka (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 26 - Dynamite Deka (Japan)/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 26 - Dynamite Deka (Japan).json
developer: Sega AM1
publisher: Sega Corporation
genre: Action;Beat 'em Up
description:
  3D action that caused a whirlwind in the arcade is back in the PS2. Other with
  enhanced graphics "DYNAMITE DEKA MODE", transplant the SS version of "SEGASATURN
  MODE", It is equipped with various modes such as "Gallery Mode". Criminal two
  people stand up for the stage of building that has been occupied by terrorists,
  save the daughter of the President!
release: 2006-04-27
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 26 - Dynamite Deka (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 26 - Dynamite Deka (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 26 - Dynamite Deka (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 26 - Dynamite Deka (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 26 - Dynamite Deka (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 32 - Phantasy Star Complete Collection (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 32 - Phantasy Star Complete Collection (Japan)/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 32 - Phantasy Star Complete Collection (Japan).json
developer: M2 Co.,LTD
publisher: Sega
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  This game is a compilation containing most of the games in the Phantasy Star
  series. The games are emulated, though there are handful of extra options to
  "improve" many of them, such as the ability to speed up the walking speed of the
  original Phantasy Star. It is missing any of the games released after the
  mid-1990s, so Phantasy Star Online and its sequels are not included. Likewise it
  does not contain the enhanced versions seen in Phantasy Star Generation: 1 and
  Phantasy Star generation:2.
release: 2008-03-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 32 - Phantasy Star Complete Collection (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 32 - Phantasy Star Complete Collection (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 32 - Phantasy Star Complete Collection (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 32 - Phantasy Star Complete Collection (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 32 - Phantasy Star Complete Collection (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33 - Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33 - Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (Japan)/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33 - Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (Japan).json
developer: M2 Co.,LTD
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Shooter;Shoot-'Em-Up;Vertical
description:
  Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33: Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (SEGA AGES
  2500シリーズ Vol.33 ファンタジーゾーン コンプリートコレクション) is the thirty-third and final entry in
  the Sega Ages 2500 series for the PlayStation 2.
  .
  This game contains every game released in the Fantasy Zone series (bar the
  redemption game), plus several "new" ones. The games are emulated, though there
  are handful of extra options to "improve" many of them.
  .
  Also included is Fantasy Zone Neo Classic which is an updated port of the
  Famicom version of Fantasy Zone, and Fantasy Zone II DX - a remastered version
  of Fantasy Zone II to look and feel as if it were running on Sega System 16
  hardware.
  .
  The collection also includes development material for Fantasy Zone II, assorted
  other concept art, cover art masters, full cover/manual scans for the included
  games's Japanese, US, and European releases, and full flyer scans for the
  Japanese and English releases of the arcade games (including the redemption
  game).
  .
  Games included\n
  Fantasy Zone (Sega System 16)\n
  Fantasy Zone (Sega Master System)\n
  Fantasy Zone II (Sega System E)\n
  Fantasy Zone II (Sega Master System)\n
  Fantasy Zone II DX (Sega System 16)\n
  Fantasy Zone Gear (Sega Game Gear)\n
  Super Fantasy Zone (Sega Mega Drive)\n
  Opa Opa (Sega System E)\n
  Opa Opa (Sega Master System)\n
  Galactic Protector (Sega Master System)\n
  Fantasy Zone Neo Classic
release: 2008-09-11
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33 - Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33 - Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33 - Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33 - Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 33 - Fantasy Zone Complete Collection (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 9 - Gain Ground (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 9 - Gain Ground (Japan)/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 9 - Gain Ground (Japan).json
developer: Warashi
publisher: 3D-Ages
genre: Action
description:
  This game is an upgrade of the original 1988 arcade release of Gain Ground,
  being presented entirely in 3D. It is mostly accurate to the arcade version,
  however adjusts some stages to better suit the aspect ratio and has an optional
  bugfix on stage 4-8. Also it only supports a maximum of two players, as opposed
  to the arcade's three. There is an extra mode unlocked after beating the game
  once, where graphics are altered, statistics are changed and a new soundtrack
  comes into play.
release: 2004-02-26
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 9 - Gain Ground (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 9 - Gain Ground (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 9 - Gain Ground (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 9 - Gain Ground (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Ages 2500 Series Vol. 9 - Gain Ground (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Sega Classics Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Classics Collection (USA)/Sega Classics Collection (USA).json
developer: Sega of America
publisher: SEGA of America, Inc.
genre: Action;Racing;Strategy
description:
  Nine of the games in the Sega Ages 2500 series were compiled into the Sega
  Classics Collection compilation for the PlayStation 2, released in North America
  by Sega in 2005, and in Europe by Conspiracy Entertainment in 2006.  The Sega
  Classics Collection includes:\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.2: Monaco GP\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.3: Fantasy Zone\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.4: Space Harrier\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.5: Golden Axe\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.6: Puzzle & Action + Bonanza Bros.\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.7: Columns\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.8: V.R. Virtua Racing -FlatOut-\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.13: OutRun\n
  •SEGA AGES 2500 Vol.14: Alien Syndrome
release: 2005-03-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Classics Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Classics Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Classics Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Classics Collection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Classics Collection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Sega Genesis Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sega Genesis Collection (USA)/Sega Genesis Collection (USA).json
developer: Digital Eclipse Software
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Platform;Puzzle;Role-Playing
description:
  For those that had a SEGA Genesis you can now put it away as 28 games are
  re-released in this compilation to relive your yester-years. For those that
  never had a SEGA Genesis and didn't play some of the classics on it, well here's
  your chance to play and be up-to-speed on your game history.
  .
  Games included are:\n
  •Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle\n
  •Altered Beast\n
  •Bonanza Bros.\n
  •Columns\n
  •Comix Zone\n
  •Decapattack\n
  •Ecco the Dolphin\n
  •Ecco: The Tides of Time\n
  •Ecco Jr.\n
  •Flicky\n
  •Gain Ground\n
  •Golden Axe\n
  •Golden Axe II\n
  •Golden Axe III\n
  •Kid Chameleon\n
  •Phantasy Star II\n
  •Phantasy Star III: Generations of Doom\n
  •Phantasy Star IV: The End of the Millennium\n
  •Ristar\n
  •Shadow Dancer: The Secret of Shinobi\n
  •Shinobi III : Return of the Ninja Master\n
  •Sonic the Hedgehog\n
  •Sonic the Hedgehog 2\n
  •Super Thunder Blade\n
  •Sword of Vermilion\n
  •Vectorman\n
  •Vectorman 2\n
  •Virtua Fighter 2
release: 2006-11-16
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sega Genesis Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sega Genesis Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sega Genesis Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sega Genesis Collection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sega Genesis Collection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Shadow Hearts (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Shadow Hearts (USA)/Shadow Hearts (USA).json
developer: Sacnoth
publisher: Midway
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Shadow Hearts is a role-playing adventure of romance and the occult, set in the
  early 1900s and driven by a turn-based combat system. Players take the role of
  Yuri Hyuga, an "Harmonixer" who can take the forms of other creatures and
  beasts. Following a soft voice in his head, the hero finds himself rescuing
  Alice Elliot, the daughter of a famous exorcist. Alice was nearly taken prisoner
  on a train during a journey to China. As her kidnapping is foiled, the real
  story begins.
  .
  Players travel through China and Europe, searching for the mysterious man who
  tried to capture Alice and unraveling the villain's devious master plan. Other
  good-hearted characters may join the hero on this quest, each adding distinct
  personality and new abilities to the mix. The game features more than 100
  different monsters to battle, over 200 magical items to find and use, and 20
  different creatures types that the hero, Yuri, can learn to become.
  .
  .
  Shadow Hearts is a turn-based Role Playing Game that combines a haunting
  storyline with a unique battle system that is user controlled. Taking place
  during the early 20th century, the story starts with a young girl named Alice
  Eliot - the daughter of an expert exorcist - being transported by the Japanese
  Imperial army to China on a train. Powerful magican Roger Bacon is on the same
  train, with the intention of kidnapping her because he believes she is the key
  to his master plan to unlock ancient secrets that"ll destroy the earth.
release: 2001-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shadow Hearts (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shadow Hearts (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shadow Hearts (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shadow Hearts (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shadow Hearts (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. The Soulless Army (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. The Soulless Army (USA)/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. The Soulless Army (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Summoner: Raidou Kuzunoha vs the Soulless Army is a
  role-playing game on Playstation 2. You play as Raidou Kuzunoha, a young
  detective who will discover over time that a vast conspiracy organized by men
  and demons eager to power is being formed. Face your opponents during the
  different quests of the game over a dozen episodes in total.
release: 2006-10-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. The Soulless Army (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. The Soulless Army (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. The Soulless Army (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. The Soulless Army (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. The Soulless Army (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner 2 - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner 2 - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon (USA)/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner 2 - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Devil Summoner Raidou Kuzunoha is back on the case in this action RPG sequel.
  While Kuzunoha may look like your average gumshoe, he's anything but. When
  Japan's capital is threatened, Kuzunoha and his demon-summoning powers are
  called into action. Crack a new case load in stylish 1920s Japan. You've got
  more than double the number of demons to negotiate with. Win them over to
  harness their abilities, then fuse them to increase their powers or control two
  at a time to create more tactical combat options. Combat is even better than
  ever, with new battle mechanics and a retooled Weapons Alchemy system that lets
  you create swords to deliver special attacks.
release: 2009-05-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner 2 - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner 2 - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner 2 - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner 2 - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Summoner 2 - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. King Abaddon (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga (USA)/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Shin Megami Tensei: Digital Devil Saga follows Serf and his four companions as
  they set out for Nirvana, a land that can only be reached by the champions of
  Junkyard. A mysterious object awakens demonic powers within the group, allowing
  each member to transform into a deadly beast. As one of these characters, you
  can devour your enemies and absorb their powers and special abilities. Defeat
  opposing tribes by protecting yourself from enemy attacks, deflecting their
  blows, and performing linked attacks.
release: 2005-04-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga 2 (USA)/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga 2 (USA).json
developer: Atlus
publisher: Atlus
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Junkyard, a town of endless rain. With his four companions, Serf, the main
  character and a member of a tribe called Embryon, sets out for Nirvana, a land
  that can only be reached by the champions of Junkyard. They devote themselves to
  fighting against the never-ending resistance mustered by other tribes. In the
  midst of chaos, a mysterious object, the Pod, suddenly appears. Countless
  spheres of light are emitted by the Pod and infect Serf and his comrades,
  awakening their demonic powers. An unimaginable battle unfolds within their
  faint conscience. They develop a desire to tear the flesh and shatter the bones
  of their enemies, who have also been transformed. Their instincts tell them to
  devour every being in their path. Until then, Serf and his comrades only knew of
  battle, but for the first time, they experience new emotions. At that time, a
  dark-haired girl, Sera, comes to their rescue. Although she does not know where
  she came from, she holds a strange power - the power to control the party's
  demonic transformation. They receive orders from the Church of Karma to head for
  Nirvana, and they are accompanied by the dark-haired girl. "They who reach
  Nirvana first shall be recognized as the champions of Junkyard." The struggle
  intensifies, and they discover that the girl holds a key to the mystery. But,
  true fear still awaits Serf's party. Including Embryon, the tribe that the main
  character leads, several groups are at war with each other in order to survive.
  "Devour" your enemies and absorb their devastating powers and special abilities!
release: 2005-10-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shin Megami Tensei - Digital Devil Saga 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shining Force Neo (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Shining Force Neo (USA)/Shining Force Neo (USA).json
developer: Neverland
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Max completes his Force military training and returns to his village to meet his
  family and to find news of his missing brother. Later, the village is attacked
  by monsters later suspected as remnants of the Legion as well as the appearance
  of a mysterious figure that seems to know of his brother. This reasons compel
  Max to seek out the Legion threat, hoping in the process to also find his
  missing brother.
release: 2005-10-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shining Force Neo (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shining Force Neo (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shining Force Neo (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shining Force Neo (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shining Force Neo (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Shining Tears (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Shining Tears (USA)/Shining Tears (USA).json
developer: Nex Entertainment
publisher: Sega
genre: Action
description:
  Shining Tears is an old-school Action RPG set in the Shining universe (previous
  games include Shining in the Darkness and the Shining Force Trilogy). You play
  Xion, a hero who is drawn into saving the City of Shilidia from a formerly
  peaceful neighbor due to his possession of the powerful Twin Dragon Rings. This
  sets the stage for an epic RPG storyline with fun characters and big surprises.
  .
  Presented in beautiful hand-drawn 2D graphics and backgrounds, players may
  choose to go into battles from among 8 unlockable companions, each with their
  own unique powers, strengths and weaknesses. Furthermore, the co-op system lets
  two players cooperate in battles, pulling off special combo moves and leveling
  up their characters together. Interestingly, the companion you pick changes Xion
  to the opposite 'soul' dark or light due to the nature of the Twin Dragon Rings,
  with correspondingly different powers. Single players have their companion AI to
  help them out of tight spots, too.
release: 2005-03-22
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Shining Tears (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Shining Tears (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Shining Tears (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Shining Tears (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Shining Tears (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Climax Studios Ltd.
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Billed as a re-imagining of the original Silent Hill, Shattered Memories once
  again casts you as Harry Mason searching across the haunted town for his missing
  daughter Cheryl. New to the series are a depiction of Silent Hill's demonic
  alter-dimension as a world of ice, and the removal of weapons from the game -
  when the monsters come out, Harry must literally run for his life.
  .
  Between scenes, the game will cut to a psychiatrist's office, who asks you
  personal questions about yourself and your past experiences. The game will then
  alter itself based on your responses, changing characters and lines of dialog to
  something intended to be more personally uncomfortable.
  .
  As you search for Cheryl, you will come across objects and recordings that tell
  some of the history of Silent Hill.
release: 2009-12-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill - Shattered Memories (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Silent Hill 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (v2.01)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Silent Hill 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (v2.01)/Silent Hill 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (v2.01).json
developer: Team Silent
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Silent Hill 2 is not a direct sequel to the events and characters of the first
  Silent Hill game. Instead, it centers on James Sunderland, who enters the town
  after receiving a letter written by his deceased wife, saying she is waiting for
  him in their "special place" in Silent Hill. Joined by Maria who resembles her
  except for a more provocative outfit and personality, he searches for her and
  discovers the truth about her death. Additional material in re-releases and
  ports included Born from a Wish, a sub-scenario which focuses on Maria before
  she and James meet.
  .
  Silent Hill 2 uses a third-person perspective and gameplay places a greater
  emphasis on finding items and solving riddles than combat, similar to the first
  Silent Hill. Psychological aspects such as the gradual disappearance of Mary's
  letter were added to the game. More humanoid than their counterparts in the
  preceding game, some of the monsters were designed as a reflection of James'
  subconscious. Real-life references to history, films and literary works can also
  be found in the game.
release: 2001-09-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (v2.01).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (v2.01).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (v2.01).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (v2.01).jpg
assets.video: Video/Silent Hill 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (v2.01).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Silent Hill 3 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Ko)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Silent Hill 3 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Ko)/Silent Hill 3 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Ko).json
developer: Team Silent
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Silent Hill 3 continues the series' trademark brand of psychological horror and
  terrifying gameplay. As a teenage girl named Heather, you'll explore and unravel
  the mysterious connection between the godforsaken town and her inner fears.
  Along the way, you'll encounter many strange characters you're not sure are
  trustworthy. Silent Hill 3 also features enhanced graphical detail, a more
  complex storyline, new items and weapons, and even more grotesque monsters than
  the previous games. Step into this world of nightmares and fight to survive.
release: 2003-05-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill 3 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Ko).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill 3 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Ko).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill 3 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Ko).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill 3 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Ko).jpg
assets.video: Video/Silent Hill 3 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Ko).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Silent Hill 4 - The Room (USA) (En,Ja)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Silent Hill 4 - The Room (USA) (En,Ja)/Silent Hill 4 - The Room (USA) (En,Ja).json
developer: Team Silent
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Henry Townshend is a man living in a small apartment in South Ashfield, a
  neighboring town of the infamous Silent Hill. On one strange night, Henry has a
  terrible nightmare, with recurring events: his phone is dead, his windows are
  sealed, and his neighbors can't hear him. He looks at his door, only to see it
  is blocked by several thick metal chains. A note is pinned to the door: "Don't
  go out!" It is signed only by a man named Walter. Henry explores his apartment,
  trying to figure out what is happening, when he spots a giant hole in the wall
  of his bathroom. Henry goes through the hole, only to find a portal which leads
  him to alternate dimensions. Hopefully, Henry will find out the truth about his
  apartment, Room 302, and live.
release: 2004-09-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill 4 - The Room (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill 4 - The Room (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill 4 - The Room (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill 4 - The Room (USA) (En,Ja).jpg
assets.video: Video/Silent Hill 4 - The Room (USA) (En,Ja).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Silent Hill Origins (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Silent Hill Origins (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Silent Hill Origins (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Climax Studios
publisher: Konami
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  Silent Hill: Origins, known as Silent Hill: Zero in Japan, is the fifth
  installment in the Silent Hill video game series. It is a prequel to the
  original Silent Hill that was released in 1999. It was developed by Climax
  Studios and published by Konami. It debuted on the PlayStation Portable in
  November 2007, with a port to the PlayStation 2 released in March 2008.
  .
  Set seven years prior to the events of Silent Hill, Origins expands the
  backstory on which the series built itself.
release: 2008-03-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Silent Hill Origins (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Silent Hill Origins (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Silent Hill Origins (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Silent Hill Origins (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Silent Hill Origins (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sims, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sims, The (USA)/Sims, The (USA).json
developer: Maxis
publisher: EA
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  Game play in the Sims may be classified as the following:
  .
  [1] Life Simulation\n
  This revolves around simulating their day-to-day lives. From eating, sleeping,
  entertainment, socializing and romance, you are in complete control of their
  actions if you choose to. Each Sim has a statistics that may be developed. Some
  of which identify certain desires the Sim in mention may require. Your role in
  simulating their lives is primarily to keep them happy by fulfilling their
  desires.
  .
  Controlling the Sims people is optional, as they follow their own Artificial
  Intelligence unless commanded otherwise by the player.
  .
  [2] The Architect\n
  Designing and furnishing your home is an integral part of the game play.
  Pre-generated houses may be purchased at the beginning of the game, or you can
  design and build your future home from scratch. Furnishing consists of acquiring
  various items that may be manipulated by your Sims to fulfill their needs.
  Designing houses and furnishing costs money, which may be obtained through jobs.
  .
  [3] Character Development and Careers\n
  Adult Sims may acquire jobs to pay for the many necessities of living a
  simulated life. There are several different job track available, from
  Entertainment, Law Enforcement, Politics and even a life of crime! Promotion in
  a job requires the Sim to advance in certain statistics (e.g. Charisma,
  Strength) which may be done so by manipulating the various items available for
  purchase.
release: 2000-02-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sims, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sims, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sims, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sims, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sims, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Siren (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Siren (USA)/Siren (USA).json
developer: SCE Japan Studio
publisher: Sony
genre: Action;Horror
description:
  Resist the Call!
  .
  0:00. Midnight. A Siren calls and a sea of red water mysteriously surrounds the
  mountain village Hanuda. Slowly, a terrible force transforms the inhabitants
  into Shibito, undead husks of their old selves, fueled by evil and hate.
  .
  Play as one of ten characters caught in a living nightmare. You have three days
  to learn how their paths intersect as they try to stay alive. Survival depends
  on your ability to "Sightjack" or the power to see through the eyes of friends
  and foes. There is no lone hero, there is little hope.
  .
  Will you resist the call of the Siren?
release: 2003-11-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Siren (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Siren (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Siren (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Siren (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Siren (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Soldier of Fortune - Gold Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Soldier of Fortune - Gold Edition (USA)/Soldier of Fortune - Gold Edition (USA).json
developer: Pipedream Interactive
publisher: Codemasters
genre: Shooter
description:
  Objective: Use any means necessary to find and secure four stolen nuclear
  warheads. Track and stop the terrorist organization responsible for the theft
  before they can carry out their threat to national security. Dispatch as many
  terrorists, skinheads and enemy soldiers as necessary to complete your mission.
  Failure means more than just going hom in a bag, it could mean global
  thermonuclear holocaust. And worst of all, you won't get paid. Failure is not an
  option.
release: 2001-11-11
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Soldier of Fortune - Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Soldier of Fortune - Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Soldier of Fortune - Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Soldier of Fortune - Gold Edition (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Soldier of Fortune - Gold Edition (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic Mega Collection Plus (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Sonic Mega Collection Plus (USA)/Sonic Mega Collection Plus (USA).json
developer: Sonic Team
publisher: Sega
genre: Platform
description:
  Compilation of classic games with the blue hedgehog Sonic. It includes Mega
  Drive/Genesis classics like Sonic the Hedgehog, Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Sonic the
  Hedgehog 3, Sonic 3 & Knuckles, Sonic & Knuckles, Knuckles in Sonic 2, Sonic 3D
  Blast, Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine, six Game Gear games and non-Sonic
  games.
release: 2004-11-02
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic Mega Collection Plus (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic Mega Collection Plus (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic Mega Collection Plus (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic Mega Collection Plus (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic Mega Collection Plus (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Soulcalibur III (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Soulcalibur III (USA)/Soulcalibur III (USA).json
developer: Project Soul
publisher: Namco
genre: Fighting
description:
  Soulcalibur III is a fighting video game produced by Namco as a sequel to
  Soulcalibur II and the fourth installment in the Soulcalibur series. It was
  originally released for the PlayStation 2 in 2005. An improved arcade version,
  Soulcalibur III: Arcade Edition, was released in 2006. It was the last
  Soulcalibur game to receive an arcade version, as IV onwards did not have an
  arcade release. It is the second in the Soulcalibur series’ 1590 A.D. trilogy
  games, between II and IV.
  .
  The game includes new modes such as Tales of Souls, an interactive story-driven
  mode comparable to Edge Master Mode from Soul Edge; Character Creation, in which
  players can create custom characters from 13 total occupations, with multiple
  weapons and fighting styles; and Chronicles of the Sword, a real-time-play mode
  that allows players to take their created souls through adventures of their own.
  The game also has the largest character roster — 24 characters playable in Tales
  of Souls mode and an additional 18 playable in all other modes — and largest
  battle stage selection in Soul series history.
release: 2005-10-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Soulcalibur III (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Soulcalibur III (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Soulcalibur III (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Soulcalibur III (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Soulcalibur III (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Ocean - Till the End of Time (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Star Ocean - Till the End of Time (USA)/Star Ocean - Till the End of Time (USA).json
developer: tri-Ace
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  An attack from an unknown power in space threatens the peace between humans and
  aliens. The attack forces Fayt Leingod and his friend Sophia Esteed to separate
  from Fayt's parents and flee from the planet. Now it's up to you to guide these
  two characters through a variety of side quests and sub-events to find their
  loved ones. Dress your characters, equip them with weapons, and then conquer the
  land. Up to three characters can fight and move together on the battlefields.
release: 2004-08-31
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Ocean - Till the End of Time (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Ocean - Till the End of Time (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Ocean - Till the End of Time (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Ocean - Till the End of Time (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Ocean - Till the End of Time (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - Battlefront (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Star Wars - Battlefront (USA)/Star Wars - Battlefront (USA).json
developer: Pandemic
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Shooter
description:
  Star Wars: Battlefront encompasses battles between four main factions from both
  the original and prequel trilogies: the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of
  Independent Systems (CIS) of the prequel era, and the Rebel Alliance and
  Galactic Empire of the classic trilogy. However, factions can only play their
  historical adversary; there cannot be any Rebels vs. Separatists or Clones vs.
  Empire fights. In each faction, five different classes of characters become
  available. Four of the classes are similar for each faction: a basic infantry
  soldier (a Super battle droid for the CIS), heavy weapons soldier, pilot and
  sniper. Also featured are special characters for each group including: Droidekas
  (CIS), Jet Troopers (Republic), Dark Troopers (Imperials), and Wookie Smugglers
  (Rebels).
  .
  Two players can play splitscreen co-op throughout the story campaign or a
  strategic Galactic Conquest campaign.There is also a "comp stomp" configuration
  that supports 2 players offline, 2 players splitscreen online, or up to 16
  players online.Drop-in/drop-out is only supported in online matches.
release: 2004-09-20
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - Battlefront (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - Battlefront (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - Battlefront (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - Battlefront (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - Battlefront (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Star Wars - Battlefront II (USA) (v2.01)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Star Wars - Battlefront II (USA) (v2.01)/Star Wars - Battlefront II (USA) (v2.01).json
developer: Pandemic
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Shooter
description:
  Battlefront II features a more narrative-based campaign, retelling portions of
  the Star Wars story from the point of view of a veteran Imperial stormtrooper,
  reminiscing about his tour of duty in service of both the Galactic Republic and
  as part of the Galactic Empire. Gameplay additions over Battlefront include the
  use of Jedi, additional game modes, and objective-based space battles.
  .
  Two players can play splitscreen co-op throughout the story campaign or a
  strategic Galactic Conquest campaign.There is also a "comp stomp" configuration
  that supports 2 players offline, 2 players splitscreen online, or up to 16
  players online.
release: 2005-11-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - Battlefront II (USA) (v2.01).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - Battlefront II (USA) (v2.01).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - Battlefront II (USA) (v2.01).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - Battlefront II (USA) (v2.01).jpg
assets.video: Video/Star Wars - Battlefront II (USA) (v2.01).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Stella Deus - The Gate of Eternity (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Stella Deus - The Gate of Eternity (USA)/Stella Deus - The Gate of Eternity (USA).json
developer: Atlus U.S.A., Inc.
publisher: Atlus Co., Ltd.
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  The world is dying. The country of Solum are surrounded by poisonous fog. This
  fog devours everything on its way, and is slowly moving towards the few
  remaining towns and villages, about to consume the rest of humanity. The main
  religion of this world, Aeque, preaches that this is the will of God, and that
  the human beings should not resist and allow themselves to extinct. But an
  underground rebel movement is trying to dispel the fog with a magical structure
  called Gate of Eternity. Spero, the young protagonist of the game, must find his
  place amidst the conflict between the Empire he serves and the rebels.
  .
  Stella Deus is a tactical role-playing game. You command your units by moving
  them around the isometric battle view. Each action - whether movement, physical
  attack, or magic spell - requires action points (AP). After the battles, your
  characters gain levels and get new abilities. Outside of battle, you can tackle
  the huge optional dungeon, Catacomb of Trials, and access towns via the menu. In
  towns you can fuse items to obtain more powerful ones, and receive side quests
  which mostly involve going to a certain place on the map and participating in a
  battle there.
release: 2005-04-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Stella Deus - The Gate of Eternity (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Stella Deus - The Gate of Eternity (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Stella Deus - The Gate of Eternity (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Stella Deus - The Gate of Eternity (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Stella Deus - The Gate of Eternity (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Stretch Panic (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Stretch Panic (USA)/Stretch Panic (USA).json
developer: Treasure
publisher: Conspiracy Entertainment
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  From the award-winning developers Treasure (creators of Gunstar Heroes, Dynamite
  Heady, Mischief Makers, Bagai-O) comes Stretch Panic, a dark comic fantasy that
  takes you for a trip on an entirely new gaming experience! Join Linda as she
  journeys through Limbo and the Museum of Agony to save her 12 possessed sisters
  from the clutches of the demons of vanity! Armed with only a possessed scarf,
  it's up to you to rescue your siblings!
release: 2001-07-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Stretch Panic (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Stretch Panic (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Stretch Panic (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Stretch Panic (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Stretch Panic (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Suffering, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Suffering, The (USA)/Suffering, The (USA).json
developer: Midway Games
publisher: Midway
genre: Action;Horror;Shooter
description:
  You play the role of Torque, a death row inmate with an ambiguous past who has
  been imprisoned for slaying his ex-wife and children. Shortly after being
  interred in a new prison on Carnate Island, an earthquake appears to release
  demonic creatures based on the many modes of execution used in the sordid
  history of the island. These creatures proceed to eliminate much of the prison
  population, leaving only you and a scant few other inmates and guards to
  eliminate the horde and find out what has happened.
release: 2004-03-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Suffering, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Suffering, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Suffering, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Suffering, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Suffering, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Suffering, The - Ties That Bind (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Suffering, The - Ties That Bind (USA)/Suffering, The - Ties That Bind (USA).json
developer: Surreal Software
publisher: Midway
genre: Horror
description:
  The Suffering: Ties That Bind follows in the footsteps of its predecessor by
  combining a disturbing horror atmosphere with action/shooter gameplay. Players
  can switch between third person and first person depending on their preference,
  and will shoot a lot of hideous demonic manifestations of evil before the game
  is done. The player is also able to transform into a hideous creature at key
  times in the game, which allows him to engage in intense melee combat. The game
  includes a morality system which records the player's actions during gameplay
  and changes the story accordingly, and also alters the player's creature form.
  Everything from the first The Suffering has been refined and turned up a notch
  for the sequel.
  .
  The story picks up right where the first game left off. The player once again
  takes on the role of Torque, former death row inmate with a mysterious past. Now
  returning to his home town of Baltimore, Torque must confront the mysterious
  Blackmore, the man who may or may not have killed Torque's family. But it won't
  be easy, as the hideous creatures from the first game have now overrun the
  streets of Baltimore. Will Torque finally be able to come to grips with his
  past?
release: 2006-07-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Suffering, The - Ties That Bind (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Suffering, The - Ties That Bind (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Suffering, The - Ties That Bind (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Suffering, The - Ties That Bind (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Suffering, The - Ties That Bind (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Suikoden III (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Suikoden III (USA)/Suikoden III (USA).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Fifteen years after the events of Suikoden II, the stories of Hugo (the son of a
  village chief), Chris (the virtuous Knight of Zexen), and Geddoe (the rebellious
  unit commander) intertwine as they gather the 108 Stars of Destiny. Suikoden III
  features three different battle systems and three styles of combat in a 3D
  world. Customize each of your three character's skills, and then pair them
  together to unleash devastating combo attacks.
release: 2002-07-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Suikoden III (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Suikoden III (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Suikoden III (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Suikoden III (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Suikoden III (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Suikoden IV (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Suikoden IV (USA)/Suikoden IV (USA).json
developer: KCET
publisher: Konami
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Suikoden IV features the return of the 108 Stars of Destiny, as well as an
  enhanced interface in a new oceanic environment. You'll follow a young knight
  while he struggles with Rune, which slowly steals the life of its bearer. The
  game's strategic battle systems let you attack or cast magic spells with help
  from other party members. Recruit members of the Stars of Destiny and create a
  base from the ground up. With a brand-new storyline, characters, and cutscenes,
  Suikoden IV takes the series to the next level.
release: 2005-01-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Suikoden IV (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Suikoden IV (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Suikoden IV (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Suikoden IV (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Suikoden IV (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Summoner (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Summoner (USA)/Summoner (USA).json
developer: Volition
publisher: THQ
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Joseph is a simple farmer from the village of Ciran, who is also adept at the
  art of summoning. It is revealed in flashback that as a boy a man named Yago
  gave Joseph a magical ring. When a band of raiders attack Ciran, Joseph uses the
  ring to summon a Demon of Darkness to save the village. Although the demon
  defeats the raiders, it also kills all villagers and totally destroys Ciran.
  Torn between grief and hatred of his new power, Joseph discards the ring and
  swears never to invoke his powers again.
release: 2000-10-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Summoner (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Summoner (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Summoner (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Summoner (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Summoner (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Summoner 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Summoner 2 (USA)/Summoner 2 (USA).json
developer: Volition
publisher: THQ
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The game takes place 20 years after the previous. Halassar, a province in the
  Empire of Galdyr, distant from the kingdoms of Medeva and Orenia, was foretold
  as the birthplace of the Goddess Laharah Reborn. The priestesses of Laharah
  declared Maia as the goddess when she was an infant and armies rose up in Maia's
  name, led by the Emperor's brother Prince Taurgis, making Halassar independent
  from Galdyr and Maia, the Queen of the Halassar Empire. Traveling with her is
  Sangaril, an orphan trained by the Shadow Clan assassins of the Munari, who was
  sent to kill Maia as a child, but instead became her sworn bodyguard. While
  reclaiming the Book of Prophets from the Halassar Palace traitor Dama Sivora,
  Maia activates a rune stone embedded in the pirate island stronghold of Prince
  Neru, on the Isle of Teomura, gaining the ability to transform into one of the 4
  Summons. After recovering the Book of the Prophets and returning to the Palace
  she learns more about her destiny.
release: 2002-09-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Summoner 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Summoner 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Summoner 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Summoner 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Summoner 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tales of Legendia (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Tales of Legendia (USA)/Tales of Legendia (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Tales of Legendia is a fantasy role-playing game that continues the Tales series
  of games. You can play as Senel Coolidge, who encounters a giant, mysterious
  ship while adrift in a small boat with his sister. As you explore the history of
  the ship, you will encounter epic enemies and engage them using the "X-LiMBS"
  battle system, which lets you fight in real time like in a fighting game. The
  story is beset with unique characters designed by the animator featured in Kill
  Bill Vol. One.
release: 2006-02-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tales of Legendia (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tales of Legendia (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tales of Legendia (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tales of Legendia (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Tales of Legendia (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Thing, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Thing, The (USA)/Thing, The (USA).json
developer: Computer Artworks
publisher: Black Label Games
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  During the player's investigation of the ruins of the Outpost, they will find
  the UFO from the film. They will also find the body of Childs, one of the
  survivors from the movie. Upon securing the facility, Blake is airlifted to the
  Norwegian research station to locate and reinforce Alpha Team after Colonel
  Whitely informs him that they have lost contact with the team. There Blake and
  his group encounter swarms of Things that slowly dwindle down his team as Blake
  rescues Colin and learns of a government conspiracy with Gen Inc in conducting
  experiments on the alien lifeforms before they began to infest the research
  facility. Blake learns that Whitely was behind it the whole time and even
  injected himself with a Cloud Virus B4 Strain. With a new group, Blake fights
  his way through numerous black ops and creatures before killing the transformed
  Whitley. The player has the assistance of a helicopter pilot, revealed to be
  R.J. MacReady, the hero from the original film. The ending is ambiguous, and
  there is speculation that MacReady is, in fact infected.
release: 2002-08-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Thing, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Thing, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Thing, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Thing, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Thing, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: TimeSplitters (USA) (v2.00)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/TimeSplitters (USA) (v2.00)/TimeSplitters (USA) (v2.00).json
developer: Free Radical Design
publisher: Eidos Interactive
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  The TimeSplitters are an evil race dwelling outside of time and space. Roused
  from an ancient sleep, they cross the threshold from their shadowy dimension,
  ripping through the fabric of time itself to make humanity history. Can we unite
  against a common enemy? Or will we be condemned forever to a realm ruled under
  the shadow of the TimeSplitters. In the 1-player game you travel from time to
  time to collect different artifacts before the Timesplitters can. The
  multiplayer game is 4-player Deathmatch with the option of adding several bots.
release: 2000-10-26
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/TimeSplitters (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/TimeSplitters (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.background: Background/TimeSplitters (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/TimeSplitters (USA) (v2.00).jpg
assets.video: Video/TimeSplitters (USA) (v2.00).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Trapt (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Trapt (USA)/Trapt (USA).json
developer: Tecmo
publisher: Tecmo
genre: Strategy
description:
  Tecmo presents TRAPT for the PS2, a puzzle-based game that contains a number of
  horror elements in its interesting storyline. The game is a continuation of the
  KAGERO: Deception series that began on the Playstation, but players aren't
  required to play the original games to understand TRAPT. The storyline begins
  when Princess Allura is framed for killing her father. As she flees the castle,
  players learn her dark secret: she's possessed by a demon known as Fiend. Fiend
  allows Allura to set a number of different traps to kill people, giving Fiend
  souls to survive off of. As the storyline progresses, players learn more about
  Fiend and how he came to possess the princess. The gameplay in TRAPT is very
  unique. As Allura, players run around the room setting traps while avoiding
  enemies. Once up to nine traps are set, they can be activated once an enemy is
  near. The traps come in a number of different types, including floor traps like
  bombs, wall traps like spikes, and ceiling traps like metal balls. Once players
  understand the system, they can start laying out traps in a way that an enemy
  will be hit by several at once to create a combo. Of course, it isn't quite that
  simple: some enemies are immune to certain traps, and some rooms contain areas
  where traps can't be placed. TRAPT weaves together unique characters, horror
  elements, and a fun, different gameplay style to create a unique game that will
  provide hours of challenge.
release: 2006-06-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Trapt (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Trapt (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Trapt (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Trapt (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Trapt (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Tribes - Aerial Assault (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Tribes - Aerial Assault (USA)/Tribes - Aerial Assault (USA).json
developer: Inevitable Entertainment
publisher: Sierra Entertainment
genre: Action;Shooter;First-Person;Arcade
description:
  Run, jump, and fly across massive battlefields in jetpack-equipped armor as you
  compete with 14 other players from around the world. In Tribes: Aerial Assault,
  you choose between different roles and different game types, including an
  11-mission single-player campaign and a Capture-the-Flag battle over the
  Internet. Combat takes place in the Wilderzone--the 40th century's wild frontier
  --in which the tribes of man clash with genetically modified Bioderm hordes.
  Pulverize the enemy with 10 high-tech weapons and an arsenal of grenades, mines,
  deployable turrets, and more.
release: 2002-09-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tribes - Aerial Assault (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tribes - Aerial Assault (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tribes - Aerial Assault (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tribes - Aerial Assault (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Ultimate Spider-Man - Limited Edition (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Ultimate Spider-Man - Limited Edition (USA)/Ultimate Spider-Man - Limited Edition (USA).json
developer: Treyarch Invention
publisher: Activision Publishing, Inc.
genre: Action
description:
  Immerse yourself in the world of a comic book come alive, in Ultimate
  Spider-Man!
  .
  Peter Parker is a regular high school teenager who gains extraordinary abilities
  when a genetically-altered spider bites him on a class field trip. From then on
  he adopts the secret personality of Spider-Man, wall-crawling hero-in-training,
  fighting villains whose attempts at becoming super-humans become dangers to
  society. But when one of Peter's closest childhood friends becomes the
  monstrous, hulking symbiote known as Venom, only Spider-Man can stop him! But
  why is Venom seeking Spider-Man so desperately? What is the connection between
  the symbiote and Spider-Man?
  .
  Game features include:
  .
  Story by Brian Michael Bendis and art by Mark Bagley, creators of the Ultimate
  Spider-Man comic books.\n
  The ability to play as both Spider-Man and Venom. Hero or menace? Save the city
  or destroy it? You choose!\n
  Move freely through the streets (and rooftops) of Manhattan and neighboring
  Queens, Parker's own neighborhoods. Explore places straight out of the Ultimate
  Spider-Man comics.\n
  Battle villains such as Rhino, Elektro, Green Goblin, Wolverine, and even
  Carnage! Experience the first look at the Ultimate version of two classic Marvel
  characters: Beetle and Silver Sable.
  .
  .
  Limited Edition features:
  .
  An interview with Stan Lee, co-creator of Spider-Man.\n
  G4 Special: "Making of Ultimate Spider-Man".\n
  Biographies for Spider-Man, Venom, Beetle, and Carnage.\n
  Developer tricks and tips.\n
  Special Edition Ultimate Spider-Man comic book. Explore the Ultimate Marvel
  origins of Venom and Spider-Man's first encounter with his friend-turned-enemy!
release: 2005-09-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ultimate Spider-Man - Limited Edition (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ultimate Spider-Man - Limited Edition (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ultimate Spider-Man - Limited Edition (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ultimate Spider-Man - Limited Edition (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Unlimited Saga (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Unlimited Saga (USA)/Unlimited Saga (USA).json
developer: Square
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  "Unlimited SaGa" is a sequel to Square's famous series of non-linear RPGs. Like
  in the early Romancing Saga games, and in Saga Frontier, you assume the role of
  eight main characters (selectable at the beginning of the game). The story
  centers around Laura, a 30-year old widow and an ex-pirate, but you view the
  story and make it progress differently depending on which character you have
  chosen, and on the decisions you take throughout the game. Each character is
  represented by a different kind of flower.
  .
  "Unlimited SaGa" feels and plays a lot like a classic board RPG. Everything -
  from disarming traps to hitting the enemy successfully in a battle - depends on
  the so-called REEL system. You have to stop a spinning slot machine at the right
  time, in order to perform an action successfully. It is similar to the classic
  dice system in pen-and-paper RPGs, and to the Judgment Ring system in Shadow
  Hearts. You can explore the world in a non-linear fashion, visit many optional
  areas and fight monsters at your will. Some puzzles have multiple solutions and
  can be solved by using a character's special skill. For example, a character
  with a Swim skill can cross a river and reach the next area of the game.
release: 2003-06-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Unlimited Saga (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Unlimited Saga (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Unlimited Saga (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Unlimited Saga (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Unlimited Saga (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Unreal Tournament (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Unreal Tournament (USA)/Unreal Tournament (USA).json
developer: Epic Games
publisher: Infogrames
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  From the creators of Unreal comes Unreal Tournament, a competition that tests
  your reflexes and competitive spirit in deadly arenas. Battle 15 of your friends
  or customizable bots in over 30 different levels, such as pirate ships,
  waterfronts, speeding trains, and floating castles. Multiplayer modes include
  Capture the Flag, Assault, Domination, and new Deathmatch variations. With
  enhanced weapons--including the Impact hammer, which squashes your opponent to
  mush, and the Redeemer, a rocket-powered nuke--expect the body count to be high.
release: 2000-10-26
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Unreal Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Unreal Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Unreal Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Unreal Tournament (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Unreal Tournament (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Viewtiful Joe (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Viewtiful Joe (USA)/Viewtiful Joe (USA).json
developer: Clover Studio
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Joe is no ordinary man and Viewtiful Joe is no ordinary game. Capcom's new
  superhero action game mixes funky cartoon-style visuals with classic
  side-scrolling gameplay and introduces the world's quirkiest million dollar
  action hero. More than just any ordinary dude, Joe must transform into the
  ultimate superhero. It's up to you to activate the correct view mode like "slow"
  or "zoom in" in order to clobber your enemies with beautiful style. You can also
  speed up or slow down your visual effects for even more "viewtiful" moves.
  Viewtiful Joe mixes an innovative viewpoint with an amazing stunt-filled action
  movie universe.
release: 2004-08-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Viewtiful Joe (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Viewtiful Joe (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Viewtiful Joe (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Viewtiful Joe (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Viewtiful Joe (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Viewtiful Joe 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Viewtiful Joe 2 (USA)/Viewtiful Joe 2 (USA).json
developer: Clover
publisher: Capcom
genre: Fighting
description:
  Joe's back, and his girlfriend has come along for the ride, in the sequel to the
  surprise hit Viewtiful Joe. Once again the side-scrolling action is frantic as
  you battle through the themed based levels and taking out the enemy with a
  combat techniques like no other.
  .
  Silvia is ready to play and join the mission, bringing her pompoms and
  projectile weapons along with her. Joe also has a few new tricks up his sleeve
  along with some added VFX abilities, including the Replay, where you can record
  a certain move and play it over three times for a killer blow or a bonus health
  boost. Another new features is V-Touch, allowing you to switch between the two
  characters during play, also an important feature to solve some of the puzzles
  along the way.
release: 2004-12-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Viewtiful Joe 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Viewtiful Joe 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Viewtiful Joe 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Viewtiful Joe 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Viewtiful Joe 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: War of the Monsters (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/War of the Monsters (USA)/War of the Monsters (USA).json
developer: Incognito Entertainment
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Action;Fighting
description:
  In War of the Monsters, players take the roles of large monsters in city
  environments. The game plays as a fighting game yet works differently than the
  traditional one-on-one structured rounds. Instead, fights can include up to 4
  players in a four-way simultaneous fighting structure. The camera is in third
  person perspective, allowing the player to focus solely on their character.
  .
  Monsters have two status bars in each game, health and stamina. Like the
  standard fighting game formula, every time a monster takes damage, their overall
  Health bar drops until it is completely depleted, resulting in player defeat.
  Stamina determines how much energy a monster can attack with. The bar drops if a
  monster picks up another foe or performs a ranged attack. If the bar is full, a
  monster can perform special attacks, whereas if the bar is completely drained,
  they become temporarily immobilized.
release: 2003-01-14
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/War of the Monsters (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/War of the Monsters (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/War of the Monsters (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/War of the Monsters (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/War of the Monsters (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: We Love Katamari (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/We Love Katamari (USA)/We Love Katamari (USA).json
developer: Namco
publisher: Namco
genre: Action;Puzzle
description:
  The quirky gameplay that captivated the world returns to roll up anything and
  everything that gets in your way! The King of All Cosmos grew to stardom after
  replacing the stars with the Prince's Katamaris. In response to this new found
  fame, the King is out to appease his fans with the help of the Prince and his
  cousins. Now they are tasked with rolling up even more clumps, each larger and
  more different than the one before. Roll up new objects in different objectives
  and experience all new levels and environments. All new creative art design,
  soundtrack, and 2-player co-op mode and expanded battle mode!
release: 2005-09-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/We Love Katamari (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/We Love Katamari (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/We Love Katamari (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/We Love Katamari (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/We Love Katamari (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wild Arms 3 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Wild Arms 3 (USA)/Wild Arms 3 (USA).json
developer: Media.Vision
publisher: Sony
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The first two games in the Wild Arms series garnered attention and acclaim as
  they brought classic console role-playing to the original PlayStation. Though
  crafted in the same story-telling spirit, Wild Arms 3 (titled Wild Arms Advanced
  3rd in Japan) boasts major technological improvements and a number of new
  gameplay elements. Featuring "stroke-shaded" animation-style graphics, a "Wild
  West" setting, and a completely 3D game engine (not just for battles, as in the
  previous games), Wild Arms 3 is designed to make good use of the power of the
  PlayStation 2.
  .
  Wild Arms 3 features four main characters and takes the time to let players
  become acquainted with each of them. The "drifters" Virginia, Gallows, Jet, and
  Clive are four very different adventurers whose paths intertwine toward a shared
  destiny. Though each has his or her own personal motivations, all four seek an
  explanation for why the once-verdant lands of Filgaia have become dry and
  barren. Differences must be overcome and the characters must act in harmony if
  they are to truly understand the ancient mystical forces at work.
  .
  As the drifters move through the desolate land of Filgaia, they are challenged
  with a number of mysteries to solve and barriers to overcome. The different
  special abilities of each character must be used to solve different parts of the
  game's complex puzzles. A technique dubbed "expressive communication" is
  designed to allow players to quickly gauge the moods and emotions of the
  onscreen characters. Monsters, villains, and other horrible creatures stand
  between the drifters and their destinations as well. The Wild Arms 3 turn-based
  battle system is designed to offer players an intricate level of control,
  allowing tactics that make wise use of the various powers and weaponry of the
  drifters while presenting combat with cinematic flair.
  .
  .
  Wild Arms 3 delivers everything RPG gamers expect: an in-depth storyline,
  puzzling dungeons & a unique battling system. Journey along with Virginia, Jet,
  Clive and Gallows and discover the mystery behind the Prophets to revive the
  memories of Filgaia. Explore dungeons to unlock secret pathways and find
  mythical treasures. Gun Blazing shoot-outs deliver intense cinematic battles.
  Wild Arms 3 embodies tried-and-true elements of a role-playing classic.
release: 2002-03-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wild Arms 3 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wild Arms 3 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wild Arms 3 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wild Arms 3 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wild Arms 3 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Wild Arms 4 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Wild Arms 4 (USA)/Wild Arms 4 (USA).json
developer: Media.Vision
publisher: Sony
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  You play as a young teenager named Jude Maverick. You live in a quiet village
  that floats high above the ground, unaware of the world that lies beneath it.
  But one day, your world is shattered to pieces, and you descend onto the earth
  to face the terrible reality: the world of Filgaia was devastated by wars. A few
  settlements amidst rusty tanks is all that is left of civilization. The
  democratically elected government has some plans for improving the conditions of
  the world, but as you meet a young girl whom they used as a tool for their
  purpose, you realize you must find a better plan to save her, and the world,
  from complete destruction.
  .
  The fourth installment of the Wild Arms series abandons its traditional Wild
  West theme and is set in a post-apocalyptic world. The gameplay system
  introduces hex-based battles. Battle screens are divided into seven hexes, each
  one of which can hold several party members or foes. You navigate your
  characters on the battle field, trying to force the enemy into an uncomfortable
  position. There is also a variety of skills you can learn and apply in battles
  to get benefits. As in previous Wild Arms games, the dungeons contain many
  environmental puzzles to solve.
release: 2005-03-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Wild Arms 4 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Wild Arms 4 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Wild Arms 4 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Wild Arms 4 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Wild Arms 4 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: X-Files, The - Resist or Serve (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/X-Files, The - Resist or Serve (USA)/X-Files, The - Resist or Serve (USA).json
developer: Black Ops
publisher: Vivendi
genre: Action
description:
  The game follows FBI Special Agents Fox Mulder (voiced by David Duchovny) and
  Dana Scully (voiced by Gillian Anderson) as they travel to a small town in the
  Rocky Mountains to dig into the source of some strange and unexplained murders.
  Sightings of ghostly apparitions, zombies and hints of alien presence lead them
  on a chase for an "inhuman" killer.
  .
  During the course of the story, Mulder and Scully follow leads to a remote
  location in Russia and then discover, and search, a mysterious half-buried alien
  space ship. Players can play as Mulder or Scully as they attempt to prevent
  alien colonization of Earth.
release: 2004-03-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/X-Files, The - Resist or Serve (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/X-Files, The - Resist or Serve (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/X-Files, The - Resist or Serve (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/X-Files, The - Resist or Serve (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/X-Files, The - Resist or Serve (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: X-Men Legends (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/X-Men Legends (USA)/X-Men Legends (USA).json
developer: Raven
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  X-Men Legends is played as an action role-playing game. Players choose a team of
  up to four characters from a larger group of X-Men. As players proceed through
  the game additional X-Men are unlocked. On the console versions up to four
  players can play in the cooperative campaign, with the ability to add or remove
  players at any time. Cooperative play features a refined combat system and the
  ability to interact with non-player characters.
release: 2004-09-21
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/X-Men Legends (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/X-Men Legends (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/X-Men Legends (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/X-Men Legends (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/X-Men Legends (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: X-Men Legends II - Rise of Apocalypse (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/X-Men Legends II - Rise of Apocalypse (USA)/X-Men Legends II - Rise of Apocalypse (USA).json
developer: Raven
publisher: Activision
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  When Apocalypse kidnaps Professor X and Polaris, the X-Men and Brotherhood of
  Mutants unite to save them. Cyclops, Storm, and Wolverine meet up with Magneto,
  Mystique, and Sabretooth at a military prison outpost in Greenland to free the
  Professor. Upon freeing him, the teams relocate to Genosha to work through the
  wreckage and find out what Apocalypse wanted with the area. Finding Quicksilver
  also kidnapped, the teams prepare to return to the X-Mansion, but Apocalypse
  arrives first. He plants a bomb, which more or less destroys the X-Mansion, and
  kidnaps Beast, who manages to point the team in the direction of the Savage
  Land.
release: 2005-09-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/X-Men Legends II - Rise of Apocalypse (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/X-Men Legends II - Rise of Apocalypse (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/X-Men Legends II - Rise of Apocalypse (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/X-Men Legends II - Rise of Apocalypse (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/X-Men Legends II - Rise of Apocalypse (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Xenosaga Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Xenosaga Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht (USA)/Xenosaga Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht (USA).json
developer: Monolith Soft
publisher: Namco
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Xenosaga: Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht, the first chapter of a trilogy, is a
  Japanese-style sci-fi role-playing game, sharing many common themes and gameplay
  elements with Xenogears. The battle system is not unlike the one used in
  Xenogears (combo attacks, AP and EP gauges, etc.), but random encounters are
  eliminated. Instead, the enemies are now visible and battles can be avoided.
  During combat the few upcoming ally and enemy turns are shown onscreen, allowing
  the player to make strategic decisions based on who will act next. A rolling
  slot moves with each turn as well, conferring a bonus such as added damage or
  bonus XP for any action on that turn. If the enemy would be in position to take
  an advantage then the player can expend a character's "boost" gauge to cut in
  and act next, although enemies can boost as well, and enemy boosts always
  over-ride player boosts.
  .
  Each character has a unique tree of Ether spells they can learn by spending
  Ether points earned in battle, with lower spells requiring spells above them to
  be purchased first. After a spell is purchased, so long is it does not require a
  unique talent of that character, the spell can also be purchased and learned by
  any other character that can afford double its normal cost. The Anti-Gnosis
  Weapon Systems can be equipped with different weapons and accessories and can be
  used in combat provided that a character has enough AP on that turn to board
  their AGWS.
release: 2003-02-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Xenosaga Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Xenosaga Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Xenosaga Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Xenosaga Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Xenosaga Episode I - Der Wille zur Macht (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Xenosaga Episode II - Jenseits von Gut und Boese (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Xenosaga Episode II - Jenseits von Gut und Boese (USA)/Xenosaga Episode II - Jenseits von Gut und Boese (USA).json
developer: Monolith Soft
publisher: Namco
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Xenosaga: Episode II - Jenseits von Gut und Böse is a direct sequel to the first
  episode of the science-fiction RPG Xenosaga series.
  .
  The story takes place thousands of years in the future, when mankind has long
  left the Earth, which is now called Lost Jerusalem, and founded a star empire.
  The main threat humanity has to face is the appearance of a super-powerful alien
  race called the Gnosis. The story picks up just after the concluding events of
  the first episode. Shion Uzuki, the young engineer who designed the powerful
  android KOS-MOS, arrives with her friends at the planet Second Miltia. They aim
  to learn more about the heritage of the late genius scientist Joachim Mizrahi,
  and foil the schemes of the mysterious antagonists Albedo and Margulis. Jin
  Uzuki, Shion's brother, who was only mentioned in the first chapter, becomes an
  important controllable character in the second episode. Much of the plot's
  content is dedicated to exploring the past and the origins of Jr., as well as
  his connection to Albedo.
release: 2005-02-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Xenosaga Episode II - Jenseits von Gut und Boese (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Xenosaga Episode II - Jenseits von Gut und Boese (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Xenosaga Episode II - Jenseits von Gut und Boese (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Xenosaga Episode II - Jenseits von Gut und Boese (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Zombie Virus (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation 2/Zombie Virus (Europe)/Zombie Virus (Europe).json
developer: Vingt-et-un Systems
publisher: D3 Publisher
genre: Horror;Racing
description:
  Zombie Virus is volume 95 in D3 Publisher's Simple 2000 series of budget games.
  Zombies have taken over Sunlight City. It's up to a young medical student to get
  behind the wheel of his ambulance and look for survivors in the dead city.
  Rescue engineers and mechanics so you can upgrade your ambulance with front and
  wheel mounted blades, rockets and brighter lights. Save police officers and
  soldiers to keep the morale of the survivors up or it's game over! If zombies
  climb onto your ambulance twirl the analog sticks wildly to shake them off and
  resume your mission.
release: 2005-02-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Zombie Virus (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Zombie Virus (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Zombie Virus (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Zombie Virus (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Zombie Virus (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


