collection: Microsoft Xbox 360
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Microsoft Xbox 360" {file.path}


game: Alan Wake (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Alan Wake (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)/Alan Wake (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).json
developer: Remedy Entertainment
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  When the wife of the best-selling writer Alan Wake disappears on their vacation,
  his search turns up pages from a thriller he doesn’t even remember writing. A
  Dark Presence stalks the small town of Bright Falls, pushing Wake to the brink
  of sanity in his fight to unravel the mystery and save his love.
  .
  Presented in the style of a TV series, Alan Wake features the trademark Remedy
  storytelling and pulse-pounding action sequences. As players dive deeper and
  deeper into the mystery, they’ll face overwhelming odds, plot twists, and
  cliffhangers. It’s only by mastering the Fight With Light combat mechanic that
  they can stay one step ahead of the darkness that spreads across Bright Falls.
  .
  With the body of an action game and the mind of a psychological thriller, Alan
  Wake’s intense atmosphere, deep and multilayered story, and exceptionally tense
  combat sequences provide players with an entertaining and original gaming
  experience.
release: 2010-05-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alan Wake (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alan Wake (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alan Wake (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alan Wake (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Banjo-Kazooie - Nuts & Bolts (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Banjo-Kazooie - Nuts & Bolts (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs)/Banjo-Kazooie - Nuts & Bolts (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs).json
developer: Rare
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action;Construction and Management Simulation;Puzzle;Racing
description:
  Famed game developer Rare is reviving one of its most beloved and successful
  franchises exclusively on Xbox 360 with the third installment of the
  Banjo-Kazooie series. Banjo-Kazooie: Nuts and Bolts embraces new and old fans
  alike, as the famous bear and bird duo return in stunning high definition for a
  unique adventure of epic proportions. The Lord of the Games (aka LOG) is tired
  of the petty squabbling between Banjo and the evil witch Gruntilda (aka Grunty)
  over the years, and has arranged a showdown to decide the rightful owner of
  Spiral Mountain. Claiming to have created every video game ever made, LOG has
  built the game worlds in which the contest's challenges take place. Banjo must
  complete LOG's challenges to win, while Grunty tries to stop him using every
  method her devious mind can muster.
  .
  Throughout their adventure, players create their own abilities by building
  vehicles for Banjo to pilot over land, water, and air. Vehicle parts, which
  range from simple devices such as engines and wheels to more unusual equipment
  such as springs and egg guns, are earned and collected throughout the game.
  Players use their imagination to combine parts in any order to create whatever
  vehicle they choose. LOG's challenges have one goal, but players' choice of
  vehicle and tactics will determine how they get there. By exploring worlds and
  solving puzzles, players both young and old will be rewarded with more advanced
  and diverse vehicle parts in their quest to defeat Grunty once and for all.
release: 2008-11-11
players: 8
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Banjo-Kazooie - Nuts & Bolts (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Banjo-Kazooie - Nuts & Bolts (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs).jpg
assets.background: Background/Banjo-Kazooie - Nuts & Bolts (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Banjo-Kazooie - Nuts & Bolts (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Blue Dragon (World) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Blue Dragon (World) (En,Fr)/Blue Dragon (World) (En,Fr).json
developer: Artoon
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Famed game producer Hironobu Sakaguchi of Mistwalker and developer Artoon
  present the highly anticipated Xbox 360 exclusive Blue Dragon. Featuring the
  character design of Akira Toriyama of Dragon Ball Z and music by Nobuo Uematsu
  of Final Fantasy, Blue Dragon is an epic role-playing game that centers on a
  young boy named Shu and several of his friends.
  .
  These unlikely heroes possess the power to control phantom shadows that mirror
  the actions of their masters, giving Shu and his comrades miraculous strength
  and magical powers.
  .
  The warriors can create and develop their combat styles by utilizing different
  types of Shadow Change, including Sword, Assassin, and Power Magic. Shu and his
  friends must use the shadows as weapons and wield their skills to save their
  world from impending doom.
  .
  Encountering various people on a planet where numerous ancient ruins remain, the
  characters and their shadows travel through a world full of mysteries and
  illusions, where the slightest touch can cause reactions of unparalleled
  magnitude.
release: 2007-08-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Blue Dragon (World) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Blue Dragon (World) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Blue Dragon (World) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Blue Dragon (World) (En,Fr).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Capcom Digital Collection (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Capcom Digital Collection (World)/Capcom Digital Collection (World).json
developer: Capcom
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Adventure;Fighting;Platform;Puzzle;Shooter
description:
  Capcom Digital Collection is a compilation of arcade games released by Capcom
  for the Xbox 360. The game was released on March 27, 2012 in North America and
  March 30, 2012 in Europe.
  .
  .
  The collection features eight games previously available via Xbox Live Arcade
  for Xbox 360.
  .
  .
  1.Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix,\n
  2.Final Fight: Double Impact,\n
  3.Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo HD Remix,\n
  4.1942: Joint Strike,\n
  5.Bionic Commando Rearmed 2,\n
  6.Flock!,\n
  7.Rocketmen: Axis of Evil including Rocketmen : It Came From Uranus expansion,\n
  8.Wolf of the Battlefield: Commando 3
release: 2012-03-27
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Capcom Digital Collection (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Capcom Digital Collection (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Capcom Digital Collection (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Capcom Digital Collection (World).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Condemned - Criminal Origins (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Condemned - Criminal Origins (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Condemned - Criminal Origins (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Monolith Productions
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Horror;Shooter
description:
  What twists the mind of an ordinary human into a serial killer?
  .
  Assigned to the Serial Crimes Unit, Agent Ethan Thomas must answer this
  question, and bring the worst of society to justice. His solve rate is the best
  in the bureau... perhaps too good.
  .
  While investigating the growing list of serial killers, Agent Thomas concludes
  that something is twisting the bodies and souls of those that society has left
  behind. The homeless, addicted and deranged are rising from the city’s
  underbelly and committing mindless acts of violence. Could there be an unseen
  connection between the increasing brutality of the latest serial killings and
  the increasing crime rate? This question is pushed to the forefront after Agent
  Thomas is framed for the murder of two police officers. Now he must solve the
  murders to stop the killings, and exonerate himself from the crimes of which he
  is accused.
  .
  As FBI agent Ethan Thomas, you rely on sharp instincts and sophisticated
  forensic tools to investigate crime scenes, collect evidence, and find clues
  that will lead you to the killers. With danger lurking in every shadow, you need
  whatever weapons you can find to stay alive. If you run out of bullets, you’ll
  have to fight with a fire axe, shovel, pipe, two-by-four, or whatever you can
  pry from the environment around you. You’ll need to make sure nothing stops you
  as you try to uncover exactly who... or what is behind the grisly killings
  plaguing the city.
release: 2005-11-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Condemned - Criminal Origins (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Condemned - Criminal Origins (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Condemned - Criminal Origins (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Condemned - Criminal Origins (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Condemned 2 - Bloodshot (World) (En,Fr,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Condemned 2 - Bloodshot (World) (En,Fr,Es,It)/Condemned 2 - Bloodshot (World) (En,Fr,Es,It).json
developer: Monolith Productions
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Horror;Shooter
description:
  Condemned 2: Bloodshot returns with an all-new fighting system and for the first
  time, online multiplayer modes. As Ethan Thomas, the unstable and disgraced
  Serial Crimes Unit investigator, players will face horrifying enemies and
  endless heart-stopping surprises in the shadows of a strange and sinister world.
  Players utilize a new set of high-tech forensic tools and fight off violent
  enemies on the perilous hunt for Ethan's missing partner. Ethan will need to use
  anything and everything in the environment to survive as he unravels the
  mysteries shrouding the city in darkness.
release: 2008-03-11
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Condemned 2 - Bloodshot (World) (En,Fr,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Condemned 2 - Bloodshot (World) (En,Fr,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Condemned 2 - Bloodshot (World) (En,Fr,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Condemned 2 - Bloodshot (World) (En,Fr,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Crackdown (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Cs,Hu)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Crackdown (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Cs,Hu)/Crackdown (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Cs,Hu).json
developer: Realtime Worlds
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action;Sandbox;Shooter
description:
  Pacific City is overridden; crime controls the streets. Three powerful gangs
  have taken the once-great metropolis hostage, and the police have proven
  powerless in their efforts to regain control. Only the Agency's deploying
  genetically enhanced agents of justice can provide citizens with some sense of
  hope. With an open-ended sandbox environment, players are free to explore the
  city and decide on the best tactics for each breathtaking scenario. Brace
  yourself. Justice is coming to Pacific City.
  .
  Crackdown pushes the action-driving hybrid genre into the next generation with
  the first ever truly 3-D playground. Gamers will level up their Agent's
  strength, agility, firearms, explosives, and driving skills while scaling the
  fully vertical world. Enforce justice by any means necessary in Pacific City, a
  crime-ridden urban center primed to explode and ready for you to explore. Enter
  an interactive world where anything can be used as a weapon as you clean up the
  streets the only way you know how. Your way. Developed by Scotland's Real Time
  Worlds exclusively for Microsoft Game Studios and the Xbox 360 console,
  Crackdown is the brainchild of Dave Jones, the creative genius behind many
  innovative game titles such as Grand Theft Auto and Lemmings.
  .
  Harnessing the amazing power of Xbox 360, Crackdown players enforce justice
  against the backdrop of a crime-ridden metropolis that is massive in scale and
  meticulous in detail. The game's unique presentation employs a highly stylized
  rendering technique that turns it into a living, breathing graphical novel. You
  play the role of an enforcer for the city's "Agency," a law enforcement entity
  looking to take back neighborhoods and lives from three large crime syndicates.
  You are part of the new generation of crime fighters- an entirely new breed of
  genetically superior super-cops, designed to use the enemies' tactics against
  them.
release: 2007-02-20
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crackdown (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Cs,Hu).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crackdown (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Cs,Hu).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crackdown (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Cs,Hu).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crackdown (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Cs,Hu).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Crackdown 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Crackdown 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu)/Crackdown 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu).json
developer: Ruffian Games
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Sandbox;Shooter
description:
  You're the judge, jury, and executioner in this sequel to the award-winning
  vertical-world adventure Crackdown, available only on Xbox 360. Your armor will
  make you stronger and faster than the criminals you pursue, enabling you to jump
  from rooftop to rooftop or to pick up whatever happens to be lying around, like
  a car or a bus stop, and hurl it toward your suspect, perhaps giving you enough
  time to shout out his Miranda Rights before it hits him. Your dispensation of
  justice won't be limited to the streets because Crackdown 2 continues the
  tradition of a vertical approach in a vast city laden with skyscrapers just
  begging to be explored. This environment provides the perfect backdrop for
  meeting your buddies online for co-op or competitive multiplayer action,
  depending on how you feel about your buddies. Either way, you're in for an
  over-the-top experience.
release: 2010-07-06
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crackdown 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crackdown 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crackdown 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crackdown 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dreamcast Collection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Dreamcast Collection (USA)/Dreamcast Collection (USA).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Action
description:
  Players will get to enjoy four very different Dreamcast experiences, from
  hopping behind the steering wheel of Crazy Taxi, to taking things a little
  slower by luring in their fish before catching them hook, line and sinker with
  SEGA Bass Fishing. Alternatively, take over as intergalactic news reporter Ulala
  in Space Channel 5: Part 2 and dance your way past the evil Rhythm Rogues, or
  make it all about speed in Sonic's first Dreamcast outing, Sonic Adventure!
release: 2011-02-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dreamcast Collection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dreamcast Collection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dreamcast Collection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dreamcast Collection (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Fable - Anniversary (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Fable - Anniversary (World)/Fable - Anniversary (World).json
developer: Lionhead Studios
publisher: Microsoft
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  For Every Choice A Consequence
  .
  As one of the best-selling RPGs on the original Xbox, Fable made sure every
  player's choice had a consequence. The world of Albion has inspired gamers to
  fall in love with the franchise for nearly a decade and counting.
  .
  Updated to HD to unlock the power of Xbox 360, Fable Anniversary is a major
  visual leap over the original. Vivid graphics and remastered audio result in a
  stunning re-imagination of Fable that will impress fans old and new.
  .
  This role-playing adventure puts you in full control of the choices that will
  determine your skills, appearance, and reputation. Create your life story from
  your early years as an inexperienced warrior to the prime of life as you become
  the most powerful being in the world. Choose the path of righteousness or
  dedicate your life to evil. And don't forget to hide the chickens — Jack of
  Blades is back.
  .
  With all new textures and 3D models, an entirely new lighting system, a slick
  new interface, achievements, and all of the content from "The Lost Chapters"
  expansion, Fable Anniversary is the definitive Fable experience for faithful
  fans and new players alike.
release: 2014-02-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fable - Anniversary (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fable - Anniversary (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fable - Anniversary (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fable - Anniversary (World).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Fable II (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Cs,Hu) (Game of the Year Edition)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Fable II (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Cs,Hu) (Game of the Year Edition)/Fable II (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Cs,Hu) (Game of the Year Edition).json
developer: Lionhead Studios
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Fable™ II is the true sequel to the wildly successful original that sold more
  than 3 million copies, offering even more choices and building on the core
  gameplay theme of "Fable," where a player’s every decision continually defines
  whom they become. "Fable II" is an action role-playing game (RPG) that truly
  allows players to live the life they choose in an unimaginably open world
  environment. Set 500 years after the original, "Fable II" will provide gamers
  with an epic story and innovative real-time gameplay, including a massive amount
  of freedom and choice to explore a vast collection of dungeons, catacombs and
  caves in the world of Albion.
release: 2008-10-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fable II (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Cs,Hu) (Game of the Year Edition).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fable II (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Cs,Hu) (Game of the Year Edition).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fable II (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Cs,Hu) (Game of the Year Edition).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fable II (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Cs,Hu) (Game of the Year Edition).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Fable III (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu,Sk)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Fable III (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu,Sk)/Fable III (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu,Sk).json
developer: Lionhead Studios
publisher: Microsoft
genre: Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Fable III is the next blockbuster installment in the highly praised Fable
  franchise. Lead a revolution to take control of Albion, fight alongside your
  people, and experience love and loss while preparing to defend the kingdom
  against a looming threat. Your choices as ruler will lead to consequences felt
  across the entire land.
release: 2010-10-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fable III (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu,Sk).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fable III (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu,Sk).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fable III (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu,Sk).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fable III (World) (En,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru,Cs,Hu,Sk).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Far Cry 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Far Cry 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Far Cry 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Ubisoft Montreal
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Shooter
description:
  Far Cry 2 is an open world first-person shooter developed by Ubisoft Montreal
  and published by Ubisoft. It was released on October 21, 2008 in North America,
  October 23, 2008 in Australia, and October 24, 2008 in Europe. It was made
  available on Steam on October 22, 2008. Crytek, the developers of the original
  game, were not involved in the development of Far Cry 2. It is the second
  installment of the main Far Cry series; the sequels Far Cry 3 and Far Cry 4 were
  released in 2012 and 2014, respectively.
  .
  Ubisoft has marketed Far Cry 2 as the true sequel to Far Cry, however the sequel
  has very few noticeable similarities to the original game. Instead, it features
  completely new characters and setting, as well as a new style of gameplay that
  allows the player greater freedom to explore different African landscapes such
  as deserts, jungles, and savannas. The game takes place in a modern-day Central
  African nation during civil war. The player takes control of a mercenary on a
  lengthy journey to locate and assassinate "The Jackal", a notorious gun runner.
  As of January 23, 2009, the game has sold 2.9 million copies.
release: 2008-10-21
players: 16
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Far Cry 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Far Cry 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Far Cry 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Far Cry 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Far Cry 3 (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Far Cry 3 (World)/Far Cry 3 (World).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Shooter
description:
  Summary: With Far Cry 3, players step into the shoes of Jason Brody, a man alone
  at the edge of the world, stranded on a mysterious tropical island. In this
  savage paradise where lawlessness and violence are the only sure thing, players
  dictate how the story unfolds, from the battles they choose to fight to the
  allies or enemies they make along the way. As Jason Brody, players will slash,
  sneak, detonate and shoot their way across the island in a world that has lost
  all sense of right and wrong.
release: 2012-12-04
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Far Cry 3 (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Far Cry 3 (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Far Cry 3 (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Far Cry 3 (World).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Far Cry 3 - Blood Dragon (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Far Cry 3 - Blood Dragon (World)/Far Cry 3 - Blood Dragon (World).json
developer: Ubisoft Montreal
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Sandbox;Shooter
description:
  Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon is THE Kick-Ass Cyber Shooter.
  .
  Welcome to an 80’s vision of the future. The year is 2007 and you are Sargent
  Rex Colt, a Mark IV Cyber Commando. Your mission: get the girl, kill the
  baddies, and save the world.
  .
  Experience every cliché of a VHS era vision of a nuclear future, where cyborgs,
  blood dragons, mutants, and Michael Biehn (Terminator, Aliens, Navy Seals)
  collide.
release: 2013-05-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Far Cry 3 - Blood Dragon (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Far Cry 3 - Blood Dragon (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Far Cry 3 - Blood Dragon (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Far Cry 3 - Blood Dragon (World).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Fuzion Frenzy 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Fuzion Frenzy 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko)/Fuzion Frenzy 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).json
developer: Hudson Soft
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action
description:
  Until four years ago, Fuzion Frenzy was the most popular tournament on Earth and
  was broadcast live to all corners of the world. However, due to the extreme
  competitiveness of the players, the leaders of Earth banned it, fearing its
  influence on the general population.
  .
  Recently, however, the world's leaders have struggled with the problem of
  overpopulation, and have come up with a plan for the citizens of Earth to
  immigrate to space. To encourage immigration, the leaders have brought back the
  Fuzion Frenzy tournament, but with a change they have set up game zones on
  various other planets. The people of Earth welcome this news, especially the
  announcement that the leaders have reinstated the six most famous players, who
  are returning with renewed enthusiasm.
  .
  Fuzion Frenzy 2 combines over 40 mini games with futuristic arcade action,
  custom tournaments, Xbox Live features and more to create the ultimate party
  game exclusively on Xbox 360. Play with your friends and family to find out who
  is the strongest among you.
release: 2007-01-30
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Fuzion Frenzy 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Fuzion Frenzy 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.background: Background/Fuzion Frenzy 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Fuzion Frenzy 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Infinite Undiscovery (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Infinite Undiscovery (USA)/Infinite Undiscovery (USA).json
developer: tri-Ace
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Mistaken for a renowned hero, Capell is thrust into a conflict to sever the
  chains that bind the moon to his world. Traverse a seamless, expansive world
  with a party formed from 18 characters. Rise against the wicked Order of Chains
  in fierce real-time combat, but beware not all battles are won by force. The
  most obvious solution is rarely the right move. Shatter the chains and release
  the Order's grip on the world.
release: 2008-09-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Infinite Undiscovery (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Infinite Undiscovery (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Infinite Undiscovery (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Infinite Undiscovery (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Jurassic Park - The Game (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Jurassic Park - The Game (USA)/Jurassic Park - The Game (USA).json
developer: Telltale Games
publisher: Telltale Games
genre: Adventure
description:
  Jurassic Park is a cinematic adventure game that has you playing from the
  viewpoints of multiple characters trapped on Isla Nublar, the island theme park
  where the attractions are prehistoric beasts. While the game has an original
  storyline, the events run parallel to the timeline in Michael Crichton's book
  and Steven Spielberg's 1993 film. Players will find themselves trapped on the
  island after Dennis Nedry's ill-fated attempt to sell frozen dinosaur embryos to
  a rival corporation.
  .
  The game is a departure from developer Telltale Games' previous point-and-click
  titles, adding more action-oriented sequences in the form of quick-time events.
  You'll also be able to converse with fellow characters at any time using an
  "on-demand" dialogue system, and switch between story points and locales using a
  picture-in-picture display. Solving puzzles is still a central focus of the
  gameplay, as characters explore the island while figuring out how best to
  survive against the deadly dinosaurs.
release: 2011-11-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Jurassic Park - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Jurassic Park - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Jurassic Park - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Jurassic Park - The Game (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Kameo - Elements of Power (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Kameo - Elements of Power (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko)/Kameo - Elements of Power (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).json
developer: Rare
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Kameo: Elements of Power was one of the Xbox 360 launch games and puts you in
  the role of the young fairy-like elf Kameo. In the introduction, she storms a
  castle to rescue her family members, but fails, and loses all her powers. Your
  task is to collect ten elemental spirits and defeat Thorn, the king of the
  trolls, along with your evil sister Kalus.
  .
  The game mixes action with exploring and basic puzzle-solving tasks. There are
  four themed areas, with friendly zones where you can shop and talk to the
  inhabitants. Next to the distinct zones, there are also Badlands to cross, where
  there is an ongoing battle between elves and trolls. The Enchanted Kingdom is
  your base, a hub from which you can access the different areas.
  .
  By collecting elemental spirits, Kameo can transform into ten different forms,
  each with their own abilities. Those are acquired by solving quests or defeating
  boss characters. As you progress in the game, you will need to make use of them
  to overcome obstacles. Some forms allow you to perform special attacks, link
  combos, or grant abilities such as swimming (Deep Blue), breathing fire (Ash),
  shooting torpedoes or use rock-like body parts to engage enemies (Rubble). Each
  form can be enhanced with different upgrades by collecting hidden pieces of
  fruit.
  .
  During gameplay, you can access a hint book where Ortho offers hints. There is a
  cooperative mode for two players, both offline and online, and the music was
  done by an 80 piece orchestra.
release: 2005-11-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kameo - Elements of Power (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kameo - Elements of Power (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kameo - Elements of Power (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kameo - Elements of Power (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Konami Classics Vol. 1 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Konami Classics Vol. 1 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko)/Konami Classics Vol. 1 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).json
developer: Konami
publisher: Konami
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror;Platform;Role-Playing;Shooter
description:
  This is a compilation of three Xbox Live Arcade titles on one disc. It includes
  Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Frogger, and Super Contra.
release: 2009-12-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Konami Classics Vol. 1 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Konami Classics Vol. 1 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.background: Background/Konami Classics Vol. 1 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Konami Classics Vol. 1 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Last Remnant, The (USA, Asia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Last Remnant, The (USA, Asia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Last Remnant, The (USA, Asia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  The Last Remnant is set in a fictional world featuring a number of distinct
  humanoid races: the Mitras, human in appearance, the Yamas, strong fish-like
  people, the Qsitis, small reptilians, and the Sovanis, feline people with four
  arms. The world itself is broken up into multiple city-states, each with their
  own unique culture. The story of the game revolves around "Remnants", mysterious
  and coveted ancient artifacts of varying shapes and sizes which possess magic
  powers and have been the cause of several wars throughout the game's history.
  Each Remnant is "bound" to a specific person, who is the only one who can then
  use their power; powerful Remnants that remain unbound for too long have the
  potential to cause a "collapse" and spawn monsters. As Remnants come in varying
  forms, all cities throughout the world have at least one that their ruler is
  bound to that assist to govern and bring peace to their assigned realm
release: 2008-11-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Last Remnant, The (USA, Asia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Last Remnant, The (USA, Asia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Last Remnant, The (USA, Asia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Last Remnant, The (USA, Asia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Left 4 Dead (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Left 4 Dead (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)/Left 4 Dead (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).json
developer: Valve Corporation/Turtle Rock Studios
publisher: Valve Corporation
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  Left 4 Dead is a cooperative first-person shooter video game with survival
  horror elements, developed by Turtle Rock Studios and published by Valve
  Corporation. The game uses Valve's proprietary Source engine, and is available
  for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360 and Mac OS X. Development on the game was
  completed on November 13, 2008, and two versions were released digitally: A
  downloadable digital version, released on November 17, 2008, and a digital
  retail disc version, with a release date determined by region. The digital
  retail disc version was released in North America and Australia on November 18,
  2008; and in Europe and Japan on November 21, 2008.
  .
  Set during the aftermath of an apocalyptic pandemic, the game pits its four
  protagonists—dubbed the "Survivors"—against hordes of the infected. There are
  four game modes: a single-player mode in which allied characters are controlled
  by AI; a four-player, co-op campaign mode; an eight-player online versus mode;
  and a four-player survival mode. In all modes, an artificial intelligence (AI),
  dubbed the "Director", controls level pacing and item placements, in an attempt
  to create a dynamic experience and increase replay value.
  .
  Left 4 Dead was well received by the industry media upon its release, with
  praise given for its replay value, focus on cooperative play, and movie-like
  experience. Several criticisms were aimed at limited level selection and the
  lack of a narrative. The game has won several publication awards, as well as
  distinctions from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences and British Academy
  of Film and Television Arts. As was done with Team Fortress 2, Valve
  supplemented the game with free downloadable content. The first, called the
  "Survival Pack", was released on April 21, 2009. The second piece of DLC was
  charged for on Xbox Live and came in the form of a new Campaign entitled "Crash
  Course," released for both the PC and Xbox 360 on September 29, 2009.
  .
  The popularity of the game led to the development of a sequel, Left 4 Dead 2,
  which was released November 17, 2009. Left 4 Dead 2 was released on Mac OS X via
  Steam on October 5, 2010, and the original Left 4 Dead was released for the Mac
  soon after on October 28, 2010. The Mac version of Left 4 Dead 2 incorporated a
  new map for both Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2, called "The Sacrifice".
  Eventually all Left 4 Dead campaigns were ported over to Left 4 Dead 2 and
  allowing for cross-platform support between Windows and Mac versions.
release: 2008-08-19
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Left 4 Dead (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Left 4 Dead (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.background: Background/Left 4 Dead (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Left 4 Dead (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Left 4 Dead 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Left 4 Dead 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)/Left 4 Dead 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).json
developer: Valve Corporation
publisher: Valve Corporation
genre: Action;Horror;Shooter
description:
  Left 4 Dead 2 is the sequel to the best-selling and critically-acclaimed co-op
  multiplayer smash from Valve, creators of the Half-Life, Portal, Team Fortress
  and Counter-Strike game properties. With multiple multiplayer options both on
  and offline, extensive AI custom functionality, four character options, new
  melee weapons and more, Left 4 Dead 2 promises to become one of 2009's best
  games on the Xbox 360 platform and set a new benchmark for co-op centric action
  games.
  .
  .
  Battle the infected again in the sequel to Valve's original hit.\n
  View larger.
  .
  Superior multiplayer and co-op gameplay.\n
  View larger.
  .
  Utilize a mix of available weaponry.\n
  View larger.\n
  Story\n
  Left 4 Dead 2 is set at roughly the same time as the original – just after the
  outbreak that turned most of the population into various zombie mutants. Players
  assume the role of four new "Survivors," each with their own personality and new
  dialog. The game leads these "Survivors" through the southeastern region of the
  US - from Savannah, Georgia through the bayou country, and climaxing in New
  Orleans’ French Quarter.
  .
  Gameplay\n
  Just as with the original Left 4 Dead, Left 4 Dead 2 is a first-person shooter
  which pits players against hordes of zombie-like enemies. As you would expect in
  a scenario where you are regularly surrounded by masses of the undead, it is
  very good thing to have plenty of help, as well as weapons at your disposal, and
  Left 4 Dead 2 has players covered on both accounts. The game features several
  multiplayer options including 2-8 player online and offline (via system link)
  support in several modes seen in the first game, including Campaign, Versus, and
  Survival, as well as the new Scavenge Mode. This new multiplayer option tasks
  players, in the role of survivors to find a limited number of fuel canisters
  hidden in a level in order to keep their individual generators going, while
  other players in the role of the infected try to stop them. In addition the game
  features very strong co-op play support, with 2-player support locally and 2-4
  player support online.
  .
  The game features a wealth of melee weapons and additional items handy for
  battling enemies up-close and personal. Along with melee weapons seen in the
  first game, players can look forward to wielding new weapons like axes,
  chainsaws, frying pans, etc. Firearms are also available, but seeing as zombie
  fighting usually requires a little elbow grease, melee weapons are the mainstay.
  In addition, players can carry other useful items, including a variety of
  throwing weapons and several different kinds of support items, like flashlights
  to startle enemies and light the way in dark environments and healing items like
  first aid kit and defibrillator kits.
  .
  Customize with AI Director 2.0\n
  Introducing the AI Director 2.0, Left 4 Dead 2's dynamic gameplay is taken to
  the next level by giving the Director the ability to procedurally change weather
  effects, world objects, and pathways in addition to tailoring the enemy
  population, effects, and sounds to match the players' performance. The result is
  a unique game session custom fitted to provide a satisfying and uniquely
  challenging experience each time the game is played.
  .
  Key Features
  .
  Quality Co-op Gameplay - Left 4 Dead 2 features quality next generation co-op
  action gaming from the makers of Half-life, Portal, Team Fortress and
  Counter-Strike.\n
  AI Director 2.0 - Advanced technology dubbed "The AI Director" drives Left 4
  Dead’s unique gameplay – customizing enemy population, effects, and music, based
  upon the players’ performance. Left 4 Dead 2 features "AI Director 2.0," which
  expands the Director’s ability to customize level layout, world objects,
  weather, and lighting to reflect different times of day.\n
  New Melee Weapons – Put a whole slew of melee weapons including axes, chainsaws,
  frying pans and baseball bats to use which allow you to get up close with the
  zombies.\n
  Meet "The Survivors" - The game features four different survivors, a new
  storyline and new dialog.\n
  More Game - On day one, Left 4 Dead 2 features more co-operative campaigns, more
  campaigns and maps for the versus game modes than the original Left 4 Dead did,
  plus support for Survival Mode right out of the box.\n
  Xbox LIVE Co-op Support - Along with the usual achievement points, Xbox LIVE
  stats, rankings, and other support drives collaborative play.\n
  Product Description\n
  Left 4 Dead 2 is set at roughly the same time as the original - just after the
  outbreak that turned most of the population into various zombie mutants. Players
  assume the role of 4 new "Survivors," each with their own personality and new
  dialog. The game leads these "Survivors" through the southeastern region of the
  US - from Savannah, Georgia thru the bayou country, and climaxing in New
  Orleans' French Quarter.
release: 2009-11-17
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Left 4 Dead 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Left 4 Dead 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.background: Background/Left 4 Dead 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Left 4 Dead 2 (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Lost Odyssey (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Lost Odyssey (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Lost Odyssey (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Mistwalker
publisher: Microsoft Studios
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  A man without a past fights for a world without a future.\n
  From famed creator Hironobu Sakaguchi of Mistwalker comes a revolutionary RPG
  experience rich in depth, emotion, and cinematic gameplay. In an age that has
  harnessed the dark power of magic, you are the mysterious, immortal Kaim — on a
  quest to reclaim 1,000 years of lost memories. Surviving violent wars and
  encountering friends, lovers, and enemies, you will discover the true meaning of
  both sorrow and joy.
release: 2008-02-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Lost Odyssey (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Lost Odyssey (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Lost Odyssey (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Lost Odyssey (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Marvel - Ultimate Alliance Platinum Hits Special Edition (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance Platinum Hits Special Edition (World)/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance Platinum Hits Special Edition (World).json
developer: Raven Software
publisher: Activision
genre: Role-Playing;Action RPG
description:
  Marvel: Ultimate Alliance lets players create their ultimate team from the
  largest superhero alliance ever as they engage in an epic quest to determine the
  fate of the Marvel universe. Players can control their own completely unique
  team by selecting from the largest roster of legendary superheroes ever
  assembled in one game. Through the epic campaign, the heroes will battle, team-
  up, and interact with over 140 characters from the Marvel universe and
  ultimately confront notorious villains.
  .
  .
  * Use a universal team upgrade system to balance your heroes' powers, or
  customize each member to maximize their effectiveness.
  .
  * In addition to engaging in the epic single-player storyline, you can converge
  in battle, online or offline, against the world's most evil Super Villains.
  .
  * Switch between cooperative and competitive mode to partner or challenge up to
  three other players.
release: 2006-10-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance Platinum Hits Special Edition (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance Platinum Hits Special Edition (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance Platinum Hits Special Edition (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance Platinum Hits Special Edition (World).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: N3 - Ninety-Nine Nights (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/N3 - Ninety-Nine Nights (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/N3 - Ninety-Nine Nights (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Q Entertainment
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action;Beat 'em Up
description:
  N3: Ninety-Nine Nights is the story of the War with No Name, a large scale
  battle between the forces of dark and forces of light. Initially the many
  different races of the world lived in peace, a power granted by mythical orb
  which created the world. However, the orb is mysteriously shattered which leads
  the different races (humans, elves, orcs, goblins, and more) to distrust each
  other and eventually leads to the giant, unnamed battle. Throughout the game you
  control seven different characters, each of which provide a different
  perspective on the battle. Some parts of each characters story overlap allowing
  a different point of view while other parts are unique. Initially only one
  character is available, and by progressing through the game the additional
  characters will be unlocked; in order to see the complete story you will need to
  complete all of the scenarios for each character.
  .
  Each scenario in the game is a large scale battle involving hundreds of
  opponents to defeat; each character you control has a variety of moves available
  and as you level up additional moves become available. The varying maneuvers
  available are performed by pressing different button combos on the controller.
  As you defeat enemies red orb crystals are earned which fill a meter; when the
  orb meter is finally full you are able to perform a more powerful attack capable
  of taking out many foes. While performing this attack you earn blue orb crystals
  which fill up a second meter; when that meter is full you have one of your most
  powerful attacks available to you.
  .
  Since you will be fighting a significant number of enemies at one time you don't
  enter battle alone; two groups of warrior guard units fight with you. At the
  beginning of each mission you can choose the type of guard units to bring with
  you, such as archers who specialize in long range attacks or the infantry who
  are better at close range combat. You also have the ability to give them some
  simple commands such as calling the guards to your side for protection or
  attacking a target.
  .
  As you progress through the missions, different items can be found. These
  include more powerful weapons, improved armor, or magical items which increase
  your hit points or decrease damage received. After each mission a new mission
  will become available on the world map; you have the option of playing or
  replaying any of the missions which are unlocked on the map which allows you to
  level up on easier missions if you have trouble defeating one of the tougher
  ones.
release: 2006-08-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/N3 - Ninety-Nine Nights (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/N3 - Ninety-Nine Nights (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/N3 - Ninety-Nine Nights (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/N3 - Ninety-Nine Nights (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Namco Museum - Virtual Arcade (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Namco Museum - Virtual Arcade (USA)/Namco Museum - Virtual Arcade (USA).json
developer: Namco Bandai Games
publisher: Namco Bandai Games
genre: Action;Platform;Racing;Shooter
description:
  Namco Museum: Virtual Arcade is one of Namco Bandai's numerous retro game
  collections. This particular one collects together all of their current Xbox
  Live Arcade releases as well as a selection of other '80s arcade titles, for a
  total of 34 games.
  .
  Live Arcade titles:\n
  Dig Dug\n
  Galaga\n
  Galaga Legions\n
  Pac-Man\n
  Pac-Man: Championship Edition\n
  New Rally-X\n
  Mr. Driller Online\n
  Ms. Pac-Man\n
  Xevious\n
  Museum classics:\n
  Baraduke\n
  Bosconian\n
  Dig Dug II\n
  Dig Dug Arrangement\n
  Dragon Buster\n
  Dragon Spirit\n
  Galaga '88\n
  Galaga Arrangement\n
  Galaxian\n
  Grobda\n
  King & Balloon\n
  Mappy\n
  Metro-Cross\n
  Motos\n
  Pac & Pal\n
  Pac-Man Arrangement\n
  Pac-Mania\n
  Pole Position\n
  Pole Position II\n
  Rally-X\n
  Rolling Thunder\n
  Sky Kid\n
  Sky Kid Deluxe\n
  Super Pac-Man\n
  The Tower of Druaga
release: 2008-11-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Namco Museum - Virtual Arcade (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Namco Museum - Virtual Arcade (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Namco Museum - Virtual Arcade (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Namco Museum - Virtual Arcade (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Ninja Blade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Ninja Blade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)/Ninja Blade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).json
developer: From Software
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Action
description:
  The modern-day ninja has arrived! A contagious parasite is spreading through the
  streets of Tokyo, mutating the infected into bloodthirsty abominations. Only you
  can save humankind from extermination. Star in your own action movie as Ninja
  Blade takes you from the top of Tokyo’s skyscrapers to the bottom of its subways
  through stunning cinematics and fast-paced battle.
  .
  The player plays as a modern-day ninja, using a katana, twin swords and broad
  sword as the main weapon to the hostile creatures. The combat system is similar
  to Ninja Gaiden or Devil May Cry. A chi bar is used up when "ninja vision" or
  ninjutsu is used. The gameplay is highly cinematic, relying on quick time events
  to finish missions; after attacking a boss until the health bar is empty, the
  player must perform a finishing move, called the todome.
release: 2009-04-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ninja Blade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ninja Blade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ninja Blade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ninja Blade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Orange Box, The (World) (En,Fr)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Orange Box, The (World) (En,Fr)/Orange Box, The (World) (En,Fr).json
developer: Valve Corporation
publisher: Valve Corporation
genre: Action;Adventure;Platform;Puzzle;Shooter
description:
  The Orange Box is a compilation that contains five games, all powered by Valve's
  Source engine. The games included are: Half-Life 2, Half-Life 2: Episode One,
  Half-Life 2: Episode Two, Portal and Team Fortress 2. Two of the games included,
  Half-Life 2 and its first stand-alone expansion, Episode One, had previously
  been released as separate products. Three new games were also included in the
  compilation: the second stand-alone expansion, Half-Life 2: Episode Two, the
  puzzle game Portal, and Team Fortress 2, the multiplayer game sequel to the
  original mod based on the Quake engine, Team Fortress.
release: 2007-10-09
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Orange Box, The (World) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Orange Box, The (World) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.background: Background/Orange Box, The (World) (En,Fr).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Orange Box, The (World) (En,Fr).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Perfect Dark Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Perfect Dark Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Perfect Dark Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Rare
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Shooter
description:
  The Xbox 360 prequel to Rare's Nintendo 64 hit, Perfect Dark. Players once again
  slip into the role of Joanna Dark and fight their way through a twisting sci-fi
  storyline. The franchise's staple multiplayer mode returns, this time with full
  online support.
  .
  Set in the year 2020, three years before the original hit game Perfect Dark,
  Perfect Dark Zero features a gripping story, multiple game scenarios for endless
  replayability, a massive arsenal of weapons and combat-enabled vehicles. The
  sci-fi, first-person shooter features a fully interactive world, support for up
  to 50 players online via Xbox Live, breathtaking high-resolution graphics and
  spectacular special effects.
release: 2005-11-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Perfect Dark Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Perfect Dark Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Perfect Dark Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Perfect Dark Zero (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Phantasy Star Universe (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Phantasy Star Universe (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De)/Phantasy Star Universe (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De).json
developer: Sonic Team
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Ethan Waber, the main character, and his little sister, Lumia Waber, are at the
  celebration of the 100th year anniversary of the Alliance Space Fleet on the
  GUARDIANS Space station. The celebration is interrupted when a mysterious meteor
  shower almost destroys the entire fleet. During evacuation, Ethan and Lumia
  split off of the main evacuation route and collapsing rubble separates Lumia
  from Ethan. Ethan then meets up with a GUARDIAN named Leo, but they are attacked
  by a strange creature. The creature paralyzes Leo and Ethan takes his handgun
  and kills the creature. Leo then tells Ethan to find his sister and that a
  rescue team is on the way.
release: 2006-10-24
players: 6
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Phantasy Star Universe (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Phantasy Star Universe (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De).jpg
assets.background: Background/Phantasy Star Universe (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Phantasy Star Universe (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Qubed (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Qubed (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It)/Qubed (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Q Entertainment
publisher: Atari
genre: Music;Puzzle
description:
  Now, you can get three award-winning game masterpieces in an exclusive single
  package for a unique audiovisual experience. Qubed consists of three amazing
  games: the legendary fast-paced action-shooter Rez HD, the frenetic blockbuster
  puzzler Lumines Live!, and the trippy, trancey, and gorgeous E4 (Every Extend
  Extra Extreme). Get all three great games for Xbox 360 in one package, in Qubed.
release: 2009-09-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Qubed (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Qubed (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Qubed (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Qubed (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Rise of Nightmares (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Rise of Nightmares (World)/Rise of Nightmares (World).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Action Adventure;Survival
description:
  Rise of Nightmares (ライズ オブ ナイトメア) is a survival horror video game developed and
  published by Sega for the Xbox 360. The game was revealed at the 2010 Tokyo Game
  Show, and is designed specifically for Kinect.[1] It is the first M-rated Kinect
  game released.
release: 2011-09-06
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Rise of Nightmares (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Rise of Nightmares (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Rise of Nightmares (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Rise of Nightmares (World).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Saints Row (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Saints Row (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Saints Row (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Volition
publisher: THQ
genre: Action
description:
  Saints Row is a 2006 open world action-adventure video game for the Xbox 360.
  Developed by Volition, Inc. and published by THQ, Saints Row was released in
  North America on August 29, 2006, followed by an Australian release two days
  later and a European release on September 1, 2006. It was met with generally
  positive critical reception; reviewers noted its similarities with the Grand
  Theft Auto series, with some feeling that Saints Row improved Grand Theft Auto
  '​s open world formula. It is the first game in the Saints Row series.
  .
  Saints Row allows players to freely roam the play space and engage in missions
  at their leisure. Missions are unlocked by trading in "Respect" points, currency
  earned by completing mini-games, and are played through three story arcs each
  with the objective of overthrowing a rival gang. Saints Row is set in the
  fictional city Stilwater, modeled on Chicago, Detroit, Cleveland, and Baltimore.
  The player character becomes inadvertently involved in a gunfight between the
  three gangs fighting for control of Stilwater; Los Carnales, the Vice Kings, and
  the Westside Rollerz. He joins forces with the 3rd Street Saints gang, based out
  of the Saint's Row district, and works with the Saints to free Stilwater from
  gang control.
release: 2006-08-29
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Saints Row (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Saints Row (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Saints Row (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Saints Row (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Saints Row - The Third - The Full Package (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Saints Row - The Third - The Full Package (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Saints Row - The Third - The Full Package (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Volition
publisher: THQ
genre: Sandbox
description:
  Features
  .
  From the ingenious minds that brought you all those Saints Row games comes the
  ultimate Saints Row compilation. THQ and Volition, Inc. proudly present Saints
  Row: The Third – The Full Package.
  .
  This premier edition includes award-winning Saints Row: The Third, all three
  downloadable mission packs, and more than 30 bonus DLC items. With every weapon,
  every vehicle, every outfit, go over the top, off the reservation, and to places
  where no decent game should go. Strap it on, all the way.
  .
  INCLUDES MORE THAN $50 IN BONUS CONTENT*
  .
  Three mission packs and more than 30 bonus DLC items from such hits as the Shark
  Attack pack, Witches & Wieners pack, and the Genki Girl Vehicle pack. This is
  the definitive Saints Row: The Third experience.
release: 2012-11-06
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Saints Row - The Third - The Full Package (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Saints Row - The Third - The Full Package (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Saints Row - The Third - The Full Package (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Saints Row - The Third - The Full Package (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Saints Row 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Saints Row 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl)/Saints Row 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).json
developer: Volition
publisher: THQ
genre: Action;Racing;Shooter
description:
  The core gameplay comprises elements of third-person shooting and driving in a
  nonlinear environment, affording the player an open world in which to move
  around. The player's character is capable of maneuvering through the
  environment, utilizing weaponry and engaging in melee combat. After successfully
  completing the first game mission, the player is able to explore the environment
  and choose how they wish to play the game. Missions are unlocked by earning
  'respect' points from minigames and side-missions.
release: 2008-10-14
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Saints Row 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Saints Row 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).jpg
assets.background: Background/Saints Row 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Saints Row 2 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Saints Row IV - Gat out of Hell (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Saints Row IV - Gat out of Hell (World)/Saints Row IV - Gat out of Hell (World).json
developer: Volition Inc.
publisher: Deep Silver
genre: Action Adventure;Open-World
description:
  After the space faring antics of Saints Row IV, many fans asked what we could do
  next... the answer? Shoot The Devil in the face. Play as either Johnny Gat or
  Kinzie Kensington as you tear apart Hell in a quest to save the leader of the
  Saints soul. Historical icons, old friends, older enemies, a talking gun, a full
  length musical number, and a whole lot of other shenanigans all await you in the
  open world standalone expansion playground that is Saints Row: Gat out of Hell.
  Key features:
  .
  - Play as Johnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington For the first time ever, play as the
  fan favorites Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kensington, alone or in 2-player online co-
  op.
  .
  - An Open World from Hell Wage war against the Prince of Darkness through-out
  the 5 unique districts of hell any way you want: rescue allies, pick a fight
  with nightmarish Arch-Dukes, rob Satans soul processing plants... dozens of
  options await you in an all new city unlike any thats been seen in Saints Row
  before.
  .
  - New Supernatural Powers The acclaimed super powers of Saints Row 4 are back
  with a hellish twist - Soar through the air on fallen angels wings, summon
  devilish imps to attack your foes, and surround yourself in a divine aura that
  forces all to worship you.
  .
  - Outrageous Weapons Put the 7 deadly sins to good use with an arsenal of
  underworld themed arms: fire exploding frogs at enemies, shoot swarms of
  locusts, and even deal destruction from afterlifes most comfortable (and lethal)
  armchair.
  .
  - Kill Dex We promise you can do it this time. Pinky swear.
release: 2015-01-20
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Saints Row IV - Gat out of Hell (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Saints Row IV - Gat out of Hell (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Saints Row IV - Gat out of Hell (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Saints Row IV - Gat out of Hell (World).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Saints Row IV - National Treasure Edition (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Saints Row IV - National Treasure Edition (World)/Saints Row IV - National Treasure Edition (World).json
developer: Volition Inc.
publisher: Deep Silver
genre: Action Adventure;Open-World
description:
  The United Saints of America. Experience the most insane antics of Saints Row IV
  together in one big collection of awesomeness! Game of the century edition
  includes the Saints' epic mission to protect Earthy from the evil alien Zin
  invasion as well as both DLC mission packs and the entire collection of suitably
  hilarious add on costumes and weapons. It's the American dream.
release: 2013-08-19
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Saints Row IV - National Treasure Edition (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Saints Row IV - National Treasure Edition (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Saints Row IV - National Treasure Edition (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Saints Row IV - National Treasure Edition (World).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Serious Sam Collection, The (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Serious Sam Collection, The (World)/Serious Sam Collection, The (World).json
developer: Various
publisher: Maximum Games
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Get Ready for Serious Action
  .
  Prepare to unleash your inner beast as you go after an army of wicked
  extraterrestrials. Follow the notorious hero, Sam 'Serious' Stone, in his quest
  to destroy the alien overlord, Mental, in The Serious Sam Collection – the most
  action-packed compendium of Serious Sam games. Featuring four of the best
  Serious Sam games ever made, The Serious Sam Collection has been updated with
  enhanced visuals, lush landscapes, improved textures and character models in HD.
  With an arsenal of chainsaws, flamethrowers, rocket launchers, sniper rifles and
  more, this is some serious first-person shooting action. Now four titles are
  available for the cost of a single game. The Serious Sam collection includes:
  .
  Serious Sam HD: The First Encounter
  .
  Get acquainted with the classic hero as he is sent back through time to ancient
  Egypt to battle the overwhelming forces of Lord Mental and the Sirian army.
  .
  Serious Sam HD: The Second Encounter
  .
  Continue your battle against Mental's army with the classic over-the-top action,
  crazy humor and horror from the golden age of first-person shooters.
  .
  Serious Sam 3: BFE (plus Jewel of the Nile DLC pack)
  .
  The utterly addictive third installment of the Serious Sam series that brings
  you back to where the story all began: Before the First Encounter!
  .
  Serious Sam: Double D XXL
  .
  Part of the Serious Sam Indie Series, Double D XXL is a whole new brand of
  carnage and mayhem!
release: 2013-07-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Serious Sam Collection, The (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Serious Sam Collection, The (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Serious Sam Collection, The (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Serious Sam Collection, The (World).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Triple Pack - LIMBO, Trials HD, 'Splosion Man (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Triple Pack - LIMBO, Trials HD, 'Splosion Man (USA)/Triple Pack - LIMBO, Trials HD, 'Splosion Man (USA).json
developer: Microsoft Game Studios
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Compilation
description:
  This is a physical retail release of three popular Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
  .
  Trials HD
  .
  Limbo
  .
  'Splosion Man
  .
  The set also include a download code for two free days of Xbox Live and
  another for 160 Microsoft Points.
release: 2011-04-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Triple Pack - LIMBO, Trials HD, 'Splosion Man (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Triple Pack - LIMBO, Trials HD, 'Splosion Man (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Triple Pack - LIMBO, Trials HD, 'Splosion Man (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Triple Pack - LIMBO, Trials HD, 'Splosion Man (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Triple Pack - Outland, From Dust, Beyond Good & Evil HD (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Triple Pack - Outland, From Dust, Beyond Good & Evil HD (Europe)/Triple Pack - Outland, From Dust, Beyond Good & Evil HD (Europe).json
developer: Ubisoft Entertainment SA
publisher: Ubisoft Entertainment SA
genre: Compilation
description:
  This triple pack contains three games previously released as digital
  downloads through XBLA
  .
  Beyond Good & Evil HD
  .
  From Dust
  .
  Outland
release: 2012-09-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Triple Pack - Outland, From Dust, Beyond Good & Evil HD (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Triple Pack - Outland, From Dust, Beyond Good & Evil HD (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Triple Pack - Outland, From Dust, Beyond Good & Evil HD (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Triple Pack - Outland, From Dust, Beyond Good & Evil HD (Europe).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Viva Pinata (USA, Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Viva Pinata (USA, Europe)/Viva Pinata (USA, Europe).json
developer: Rare
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  Attract and tame your favourite Piñatas. There are more than 60 species that
  roam wild on Piñata Island. Personalise everything from the grass at your feet
  to the hat on your Piñata's head. Welcome to Piñata Island, enjoy your stay!
release: 2006-11-11
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Viva Pinata (USA, Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Viva Pinata (USA, Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Viva Pinata (USA, Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Viva Pinata (USA, Europe).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA, Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA, Europe)/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA, Europe).json
developer: Rare
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  That rotten Professor Pester and his Ruffians have snuck into Piñata Central,
  and in a botched attempt to steal all the Piñata records, they've ended up
  erasing them all instead! It's up to you to help restore the records, and keep
  those candy-filled piñatas coming!
  .
  Viva Piñata: Trouble in Paradise is the sequel to Rare's gardening simulator,
  Viva Piñata. The overall game remains the same - lure piñata by tending your
  garden. Some animals are attracted by the appearance of others, while others
  will come because of the types of plants that you grow. As you progress, the
  more valuable your garden will become - and that means that Professor Pester and
  his Ruffians will turn up to try to vandalize it, either causing fights with
  piñata, or smashing your most expensive object.
  .
  Trouble in Paradise includes all the piñata from the original game, as well as
  some new species that can only be found by traveling to the Dessert Desert or
  the Piñarctic. These piñata are wild, and need to be lured with bait and caught.
  Unfortunately, new Sour Piñata are also waiting to come in and cause problems
  for you as well.
  .
  A new feature of the game is Piñata Vision, which uses the Xbox Live Vision
  Camera to scan in cards. These cards can drop in an assortment of items into the
  game - anything from new piñata, to garden objects, to tools - even shop
  discounts! Players can even take a photo of an object in their garden and
  transform it into a Piñata Vision card to send to a friend. The game also
  features two mini-games - a Piñata racing game, and Piñata contest game. Winning
  these mini-games increases your piñata's value.
release: 2008-09-02
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA, Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA, Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA, Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA, Europe).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Xbox Live Arcade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Xbox Live Arcade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru)/Xbox Live Arcade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).json
developer: Microsoft Game Studios
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Gather round the Xbox 360™ 'cause game night just got more exciting! With
  thrilling new hits like PAC-MAN Championship Edition and Boom Boom Rocket plus
  Arcade favorites like UNO and Feeding Frenzy your friends will be begging to
  join in the fun.
release: 2007-10-23
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Xbox Live Arcade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Xbox Live Arcade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.background: Background/Xbox Live Arcade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Xbox Live Arcade (World) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt,Zh,Ko,Pl,Ru).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume 1 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360/Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume 1 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume 1 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Microsoft Game Studios
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Miscellaneous;Compilation
description:
  This retail compilation includes games that were previously only available
  through the Xbox Live Arcade service:\n
  Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved\n
  Wik & The Fable of Souls\n
  Outpost Kaloki X\n
  Bejeweled 2\n
  Hardwood Backgammon\n
  Texas Hold 'em\n
  Also included is a one-month free subscription to Xbox Live Gold and demos of
  UNO , Marble Blast Ultra, and Feeding Frenzy.
release: 2006-09-05
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume 1 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume 1 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume 1 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume 1 (World) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


