collection: Atari 800
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Atari 800" {file.path}


game: Bounty Bob Strikes Back! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Atari 800/Bounty Bob Strikes Back! (USA)/Bounty Bob Strikes Back! (USA).json
developer: Big Five Software
publisher: Big Five Software
genre: Action;Platformer;2D
description:
  Bounty Bob returns in this new and exciting follow-up adventure to Miner 2049er.
  This time around it's even tougher than before and Bob needs your help more than
  ever to guide him through the mine. The mutant organisms have multiplied and
  over run the mine entirely, making it extremely difficult to survive the hazards
  of the underground passage ways. Using the high powered special equipment in the
  twenty-five new caverns is Bob's only hope of achieving his objective of
  securing the mine and defeating the plans of the evil Yukon Yohan.
release: 1985-05-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bounty Bob Strikes Back! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bounty Bob Strikes Back! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bounty Bob Strikes Back! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bounty Bob Strikes Back! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Bounty Bob Strikes Back! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Caverns of Mars (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Atari 800/Caverns of Mars (USA)/Caverns of Mars (USA).json
developer: Atari, Inc.
publisher: Atari, Inc.
genre: Action;Shooter;Shoot-'Em-Up;Vertical
description:
  Caverns of Mars is a vertically scrolling shoot 'em up similar in concept and
  visual style to the 1981 arcade game Scramble. Christensen changed the
  orientation of the caverns from Scramble, having the player fly down into
  them as opposed to sideways through them. For technical reasons, vertical
  scrolling is somewhat easier than horizontal to implement on the Atari
  platform. Unlike Scramble, the targets generally did not move relative to the
  map.
  .
  Using a joystick, the player controls a ship descending into the tunnels of
  Mars, firing at targets along the way. The player's spacecraft features two
  cannons, positioned on either side of the craft, firing downwards. The player
  needs to avoid hitting the cavern walls, while shooting targets of
  opportunity along the way. Fuel tanks can be shot to add 5 points of fuel,
  and the craft is destroyed if it runs out.
  .
  There are several different sections of the map, with easier skill levels
  removing the more difficult sections from the areas through which the player
  has to fly. The easiest skill level has only three sections, the hardest has
  six. On any skill level the last section of the map is a reactor, which the
  player lands on and thereby sets to explode. The player then has to reverse
  course and fly up and out of the caverns to escape before the reactor
  explodes.
release: 1981-05-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Caverns of Mars (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Caverns of Mars (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Caverns of Mars (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Caverns of Mars (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Caverns of Mars (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Food Fight (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Atari 800/Food Fight (USA)/Food Fight (USA).json
developer: The Softworks Factory
publisher: Atari Corporation
genre: Action;Arcade
description:
  In Food Fight, the player controls a young boy named Charley Chuck. The
  object of the game is to eat an ice cream cone located on the opposite side
  of an open playfield. The ice cream is slowly melting, and must be consumed
  before it melts completely. Standing between Charley and the ice cream are
  four chefs named Angelo, Jacques, Oscar, and Zorba.
  .
  The chefs appear from holes in the floor of the level and will chase after
  Charley. The chefs are identified by the shape of their toques: Angelo's is
  short and rectangular; Jacques' is curved; Oscar's is big and round; and
  Zorba's is tall and slender.
  .
  Scattered throughout the level are piles of food, such as pies, peas,
  tomatoes, and bananas. Both the player and the chefs can grab food from the
  piles to throw at each other. The supplies of most foods are limited, but
  watermelon, which appears either on special levels exclusively or with
  other foods in later levels, is unlimited in supply. If the chefs are hit
  by food thrown either by the player or by other chefs, they are taken down
  for a few seconds. If the player is hit, a life is lost. The player also
  loses a life if a chef touches Charley, if Charley falls through an open
  hole, or if the ice cream melts before it is eaten.
  .
  Points are scored for each chef hit by food thrown by the player (up to
  1,000 points each), luring a chef over an open hole and for each remaining
  pile of food on the level. The ice cream is worth 500 points multiplied by
  the level number, up to a maximum of 25,000 points from level 50 onwards to
  the last regular level, level 125. If the player has at least one close call
  with flying food and a chef, the game will present the player with an instant
  replay of that level.
release: 1983-02-02
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Food Fight (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Food Fight (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Food Fight (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Food Fight (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Food Fight (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Yoomp! (World)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Atari 800/Yoomp! (World)/Yoomp! (World).json
developer: Marcin Zukowski
publisher: Marcin Zukowski
genre: Action;Arcade
description:
  Yoomp! is an 8-bit Atari action game with some great features, including:
  .
  - Three-dimensional textured tube
  ·
  - System-optimized PAL and NTSC versions
  ·
  - Lots of ingame items - additional lives, extra jumps, earthquakes,
  lightings and teleporters
  ·
  - Outstanding stereo music with interactive stereo panning effect
  ·
  - On-the-fly adjustments of music or sound effects volume
  ·
  - 5 unique eye-catching background graphics
  ·
  - Highly detailed antialiased ball with interactive shadow
  ·
  - 21 levels with increasing difficulty, accessible with level codes
  ·
  - Great title and end-of-the-game screens (get there to see it!)
  ·
  - Hours of fun - a perfect run through the game takes over 20 minutes
release: 2007
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Yoomp! (World).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Yoomp! (World).jpg
assets.background: Background/Yoomp! (World).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Yoomp! (World).jpg
assets.video: Video/Yoomp! (World).mp4
x-co-op: No


