collection: Commodore Amiga
launch: {env.JOYMELLOW_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Commodore Amiga" {file.path}


game: B.C. Kid (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Commodore Amiga/B.C. Kid (Europe)/B.C. Kid (Europe).json
developer: Factor 5 GmbH
publisher: Ubisoft Entertainment
genre: Platform
description:
  B.C. Kid, or Bonk's Adventure is a 2D platform video game developed by Red
  Company and Atlus that was released in 1989-1990 for the TurboGrafx-16. In Japan
  it was released as PC Genjin (PC?) in 1989, a play on the Japanese name for the
  system, 'PC Engine'. The game was re-released for the TurboGrafx-16 in the U.S.
  in 1992 on the Gate of Thunder 4-in-1 game CD-ROM. The game was later ported to
  the NES, Game Boy, Amiga, arcade systems under different titles (FC Genjin, GB
  Genjin and BC Genjin). It is also available through Nintendo's Virtual Console
  service, on the PlayStation Store and there is a version for mobile phones in
  Japan.
  .
  Bonk attacks enemies by "bonking" them with his large, invincible forehead. Bonk
  starts the game with three hearts' worth of health, which are depleted to blue
  as Bonk takes damage, and three extra lives. Bonk's health can be restored in
  increments by collecting fruits and vegetables.
  .
  Bonk can also collect pieces of meat as power-ups; these lend him special
  abilities and make him stronger. There are three stages of power-up: his normal
  self, a second stage during which he can stun enemies by pounding on the ground,
  and a third stage where he becomes temporarily invulnerable. Meat can be found
  in two varieties: big meat and small meat. The effects of meat are additive but
  wear off over time. A small meat gives Bonk the second stage of meat power and a
  large one takes him to stage three. Eating a small meat while in stage two will
  also put Bonk into the third, invincible stage of meat power. When the third
  stage effect wears off he returns to the second state and remains there for a
  while before turning back to the regular Bonk. Eating either size of meat while
  in the third stage of meat power-up will reset the timer on Bonk's meat power.
  .
  Bonk can occasionally collect red heart power-ups that refill an entire heart
  worth of health, or even more rarely, a large red heart, which restores all of
  Bonk's missing health. There are also two rare, blue heart power-ups in the game
  which will increase Bonk's maximum health by one heart.
  .
  Bonking an enemy will typically knock it backward and slightly into the air.
  Defeating an enemy yields points and also releases a small "smiley" power-up.
  Bonk's smileys are totaled at the end of each stage after defeating the boss of
  that stage. The player is given additional points and a caveman type
  congratulation based on how many smileys were collected.
release: 1992-01-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/B.C. Kid (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/B.C. Kid (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/B.C. Kid (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/B.C. Kid (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/B.C. Kid (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Katakis (Europe) (v1.1)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Commodore Amiga/Katakis (Europe) (v1.1)/Katakis (Europe) (v1.1).json
developer: Factor 5 GmbH
publisher: Rainbow Arts Software
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Throughout time, man has been a victim of his own intelligence and his
  insatiable thirst for knowledge.
  .
  The Planet Katakis is a horrifying example. Scientists created Machines which
  became so sophisticated that they longer depended on man - So began a rule of
  tyranny. The Denarian people tried in vain to destroy the Machines with a mighty
  ballistic missile, but from the ashes of the nuclear fires the Machines rose up
  more powerful than ever.
  .
  Trapped in an underground stronghold, now the Katakisans only hope for freedom
  is the KS-H75 Eagle Fighter, an ultra refined space glider. Control the Eagle
  Fighter in this epic crusade against evil... and win freedom at last for
  Katakis.
release: 1988-01-03
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Katakis (Europe) (v1.1).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Katakis (Europe) (v1.1).jpg
assets.background: Background/Katakis (Europe) (v1.1).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Katakis (Europe) (v1.1).jpg
assets.video: Video/Katakis (Europe) (v1.1).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: R-Type (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Commodore Amiga/R-Type (Europe)/R-Type (Europe).json
developer: Irem Corp.
publisher: Electronic Dreams Software
genre: Shooter
description:
  R-Type is a side scrolling shoot-em-up arcade game produced by Irem in 1987. The
  player controls a space fighter named the R-9 to defend humanity against a
  mysterious powerful alien life-form known as the "Bydo". The game is notable for
  programming which was ambitious for the time, with a wide range of both power-
  ups and enemies, as well as levels of varying design and length, and sprites
  larger than a single screen.
release: 1989-05-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/R-Type (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/R-Type (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/R-Type (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/R-Type (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/R-Type (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Turrican (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Commodore Amiga/Turrican (Europe)/Turrican (Europe).json
developer: Factor 5
publisher: Innerprise Software
genre: Action;Platformer;2D
description:
  From beyond the edge of darkness, evil incarnate is back. He is Morgul, master
  of all the fears and nightmares of mankind. As a world trembles in sleepless
  terror, a single warrior emerges - you are Turrican! Battle through the five
  worlds of darkness encountering thunder and storm, mechanical monsters, hidden
  rooms, awesome end of level guardians, reptilian beasts, and anywhere... the
  unexpected! Featuring 13 levels with over 1,300 screens, 10 hi-tech weapons
  systems, multi-directional scrolling, 20 musically excellent soundtracks,
  countless special effects and bonus features, and 50 different aliens and 8
  gigantic end-level monsters.
release: 1990
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Turrican (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Turrican (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Turrican (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Turrican (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Turrican (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Turrican 3 (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Commodore Amiga/Turrican 3 (Europe)/Turrican 3 (Europe).json
developer: Factor 5
publisher: Renegade
genre: Action;General
description:
  Time has passed since mankind last heard of The Machine. Bren McGuire is on a
  United Planets Freedom Forces mission when suddenly he sees his worst nightmares
  come true again. Years ago, he was the only survivor of the starship Avalon 1
  when The Machine took out his comrades in an attempt to take over the galaxy.
  Back then, Bren sought revenge against his enemy and finally destroyed him in
  the planet of Landorin. Nobody expected a return of The Machine, but now, after
  many people enjoyed freedom and peace in the galaxy, the dark forces under his
  command are starting to assemble again.
  .
  .
  In a sweep of terror, The Machine destroys dozens of planets and enslaves
  hundreds of peaceful people. The old memories arise again when Bren hears the
  last message of a young and beautiful girl. Desperately she cries for help, as
  her planet is being taken over by the soldiers of The Machine. As Bren receives
  the message, he slips into his Turrican assault suit and swears final revenge.
  .
  .
  Once again, Bren McGuire, now the current leader of the Freedom Forces, is the
  only hope in a crucial mission to definitely destroy the grasp of evil
  represented by The Machine. A lone warrior against the evil hordes of The
  Machine, Bren jumps out of his ship to face the ultimate challenge.
release: 1993
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Turrican 3 (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Turrican 3 (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Turrican 3 (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Turrican 3 (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Turrican 3 (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Turrican II - The Final Fight (Europe)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Commodore Amiga/Turrican II - The Final Fight (Europe)/Turrican II - The Final Fight (Europe).json
developer: Factor 5
publisher: Rainbow Arts
genre: Action;General
description:
  TURRICAN fought an epic battle against Morgul and won a stunning victory against
  great odds. Once again he embarks on a rescue mission. Five worlds and twelve
  levels await him in his final fight against the remnants of Morgul's creation.
release: 1991
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Turrican II - The Final Fight (Europe).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Turrican II - The Final Fight (Europe).jpg
assets.background: Background/Turrican II - The Final Fight (Europe).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Turrican II - The Final Fight (Europe).jpg
assets.video: Video/Turrican II - The Final Fight (Europe).mp4
x-co-op: No


