collection: Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable
launch: {env.JOYMELLOW_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable" {file.path}


game: Ape Quest (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Ape Quest (USA)/Ape Quest (USA).json
developer: Shift
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  The ape kingdom is cursed and it's up to you, the prince, to redeem yourself and
  restore peace to the land! Battle your way through the evil minions that have
  overrun Toqsica Kingdom by leveling up your character, collecting new weapons
  and items, and completing an endless variety of mini-games in this RPG-style ape
  adventure. It's more fun than a barrel of monkeys, or apes for that matter!
release: 2008-01-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Ape Quest (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Ape Quest (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Ape Quest (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Ape Quest (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Ape Quest (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Armored Core - Last Raven Portable (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Armored Core - Last Raven Portable (USA)/Armored Core - Last Raven Portable (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: FromSoftware, Inc.
genre: Action
description:
  In the wake of the now defunct Navis's failed attempt to control recovered
  ancient weapons technology, the world has been left in tatters. Looking to
  consolidate power, the Corporations (Crest, Mirage, and Kisaragi) have merged
  into one super-corporation known as "The Alliance". Fed up with corporate rule
  and oppression, and seeing a newfound threat in The Alliance, a Raven known as
  Jack-O (an important but minor character from Armored Core: Nexus) forms an
  organization of Ravens known as "Vertex" from the ashes of the fallen Raven's
  Ark. After rallying a sizable force of fellow Ravens to his cause, Jack-O
  declares that he will launch an all-out war on the Alliance in 24 hours. Leading
  the opposing force, a Raven named Evangel has rallied just as many Ravens to the
  Alliance and is preparing to fight Jack-O head on. Making matters all the more
  complicated, many Ravens have turned into independent warlords, setting out on
  their own after the collapse of Raven's Ark.
  .
  To finish this volatile situation: you. You are approached by both sides seeking
  your cooperation. Will you side with the Corporations, or assist Vertex in
  causing their downfall? You have a choice to make, Raven.
release: 2010-05-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Armored Core - Last Raven Portable (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Armored Core - Last Raven Portable (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Armored Core - Last Raven Portable (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Armored Core - Last Raven Portable (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Armored Core - Last Raven Portable (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Armored Core - Silent Line Portable (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Armored Core - Silent Line Portable (USA)/Armored Core - Silent Line Portable (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: FromSoftware, Inc.
genre: Action;Shooter;Strategy
description:
  Silent Line: Armored Core is a 3d action game in which you take control of a
  mech from the Raven mercenary hired by the government to investigate a recently
  discovered megacity. This city is well defended to the point that everything
  that comes to close get destroyed. This defensive line is called the Silent
  Line. The game is a sequel to Armored Core 3
  .
  The game offers over 34 missions and lets you customize your mech with over 400
  parts. Your mech can walk on the ground as well as fly in the air. Enemies can
  be destroyed by using your machine gun or missiles.
release: 2010-02-04
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Armored Core - Silent Line Portable (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Armored Core - Silent Line Portable (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Armored Core - Silent Line Portable (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Armored Core - Silent Line Portable (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Armored Core - Silent Line Portable (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Armored Core 3 Portable (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Armored Core 3 Portable (USA)/Armored Core 3 Portable (USA).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: FromSoftware, Inc.
genre: Shooter
description:
  Armored Core 3 once again puts you in the shoes of a Raven mercenary, with the
  task of piloting your own battle machine to use in a range of tasks (from
  destroying other mechs to seek and destroy missions).
  .
  After each mission, you are paid in full. The money raised can then go on
  towards the purchase of items for your mech. Weapon upgrades, better shields,
  even the opportunity to purchase what's called an Exceed Orbit, smaller robot
  gun emplacements that hover around your mech, giving you an added boost of fire
  power in the crunch. Four-player deathmatch modes are also included, where
  players pit souped-up mechs against each other to see who is the last robot
  standing.
  .
  The PSP release includes additional new parts and support for ad-hoc wireless
  play.
release: 2009-10-22
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Armored Core 3 Portable (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Armored Core 3 Portable (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Armored Core 3 Portable (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Armored Core 3 Portable (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Armored Core 3 Portable (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Black Rock Shooter - The Game (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Black Rock Shooter - The Game (USA)/Black Rock Shooter - The Game (USA).json
developer: imageepoch Inc.
publisher: NIS America, Inc.
genre: Role-Playing;Shooter
description:
  In the year 2032, aliens have invaded Earth. Humanity bands together and fights
  back valiantly, but they are simply no match for the invading force, and their
  numbers steadily dwindle as fighting continues. At the brink of extinction after
  years of war, one last hope for humanity appears: Black Rock Shooter, a young
  girl who is also the most powerful biological weapon ever created. Working
  together with the last remnants of the human race, will she be able to repel the
  alien invasion and save the Earth?
  .
  Black Rock Shooter is an action-RPG based on the anime of the same name. It is
  in many ways a standard Japanese-style RPG. The player controls the eponymous
  Black Rock Shooter as she explores the battle-ravaged landscape, and enemies
  will approach her when they notice her. If they get close enough, the game will
  switch to battle mode, which is closer to a rail shooter rather than a standard
  turn-based battle system.
  .
  During battle, enemies will attack in real time. The player controls a cursor to
  aim Black Rock's rock cannon, and can shoot freely, as well as block, dodge, and
  use various items and special skills, but she cannot move freely around the
  battlefield. Certain actions will increase a heat gauge, which will only lower
  if she is allowed to rest. If the gauge gets too high, she will become
  temporarily unable to attack.
  .
  The game is divided into stages, each of which contains a number of missions and
  optional objectives. The stage ends when these missions are cleared. Optional
  objectives in each stage will reward the player with additional abilities and
  unlockable bonuses such as weapons, costumes, and concept art. Completed stages
  can be returned to in order to complete additional objectives.
release: 2013-04-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Black Rock Shooter - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Black Rock Shooter - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Black Rock Shooter - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Black Rock Shooter - The Game (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Black Rock Shooter - The Game (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Brandish - The Dark Revenant (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Brandish - The Dark Revenant (USA)/Brandish - The Dark Revenant (USA).json
developer: Falcom
publisher: Xseed Games
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Over 40 Massive Dungeon Floors Designed to Kill You
  .
  Explore ancient ruins, cursed caverns, otherworldly planes and more, each
  riddled with false floors, false walls, spikes, poison traps, boulders,
  teleporters and other deadly surprises. Solve brain-busting puzzles, battle
  unique enemies and forge ever onward!\n
  Innovative World-Turning Mechanice\n
  Immersive Atmosphere through Innovative “World-Turning” Mechanic
  .
  Like a first-person dungeon crawler with a third-person viewpoint, the camera is
  always positioned behind Ares with the world smoothly rotating into place
  whenever he turns, creating a feeling of total immersion and really pulling
  players into the action.\n
  Bonus Content Dela Mode\n
  Bonus Content including Expert-Level “Dela Mode”
  .
  Beat the game as Ares to challenge an additional 10 floors as the sorceress
  Dela, complete with harder enemies, crueler traps and a whole new perspective on
  the story!\n
  Engaging Mini-Games\n
  Engaging Mini-Games with Exclusive Prizes
  .
  Play the slots or challenge lost souls to an original card game called “Blade,”
  then use your winnings to buy unique items that can aid you in escaping these
  deadly ruins.
release: 2015-01-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Brandish - The Dark Revenant (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Brandish - The Dark Revenant (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Brandish - The Dark Revenant (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Brandish - The Dark Revenant (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Brandish - The Dark Revenant (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Carnage Heart EXA (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Carnage Heart EXA (USA)/Carnage Heart EXA (USA).json
developer: Artdink Corporation
publisher: Natsume, Inc.
genre: Action;Fighting;Shooter;Strategy
description:
  A follow-up to the cult PS one classic, Carnage Heart EXA puts players in
  control of giant robots — Overkill Engines (OKEs) — and pits these menacing
  mechs against each other in larger-than-life battles! You can control your OKE
  yourself or set up complex programs that automatically command your
  robo-battlers to follow your orders to the letter! Choose from either a
  compelling Story Mode, or get right into the action with Battle Mode!
release: 2013-03-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Carnage Heart EXA (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Carnage Heart EXA (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Carnage Heart EXA (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Carnage Heart EXA (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Carnage Heart EXA (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Cho Aniki Zero (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Cho Aniki Zero (USA)/Cho Aniki Zero (USA).json
developer: extreme
publisher: Aksys Games
genre: Shooter
description:
  After the defeat of the evil Emperor Body, it seemed like peace may finally
  return to the Builder star system. However, a new force has begun to drain the
  Protien from the planets here: Emperor Body the Second. Idaten and Benten,
  having defeated Body before, immediately set off to destroy the plant that's
  draining the Protein, and defeat evil once and for all.
  .
  Zero Chō Aniki is a side-scrolling shooter from the infamously bizarre Chō Aniki
  series. Controlling either Idaten or Benten and their options, the player must
  survive five stages filled with curiously suggestive enemies and environments.
  Destroying enemies will earn power-ups to increase the player's output, and
  there are also bombs and the special "Men's Beam" which can help clear the
  screen if things get overwhelmingly hectic. There are two difficulty settings on
  offer, and in addition to the main mode, there is also a boss rush mode unlocked
  after clearing the game.
release: 2010-03-25
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cho Aniki Zero (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cho Aniki Zero (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cho Aniki Zero (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cho Aniki Zero (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Cho Aniki Zero (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Cladun - This Is an RPG! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Cladun - This Is an RPG! (USA)/Cladun - This Is an RPG! (USA).json
developer: System Prisma
publisher: Nippon Ichi Software
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  The story starts with a girl named Pudding and a boy named Soma going to a gate
  that Pudding believes is a way to go to the magical world "Arcanus Cella". Upon
  entering, they find themselves in Arcanus Cella. The story progresses as you
  finish levels to unlock characters and places. Each time you finish one floor of
  a dungeon, you unlock more floors and sometimes a scene that may unlock a new
  characters,or show something about the characters in the game.
release: 2010-09-18
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cladun - This Is an RPG! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cladun - This Is an RPG! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cladun - This Is an RPG! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cladun - This Is an RPG! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Cladun - This Is an RPG! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Cladun x2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Cladun x2 (USA)/Cladun x2 (USA).json
developer: System Prisma
publisher: NIS America
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Dive back into the world of Arcanus Cella with a new cast and a new adventure!
  Take on the role of a wandering warrior trapped in a dangerous pocket-sized
  world filled with more monsters, more weapons, more dungeons and more danger
  than ever before and there's only one way out. ClaDun x2 has twice the thrills,
  twice the spills, twice the lovable classic-ness of the first!
release: 2011-08-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Cladun x2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Cladun x2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Cladun x2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Cladun x2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Cladun x2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Corpse Party - Book of Shadows (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Corpse Party - Book of Shadows (USA)/Corpse Party - Book of Shadows (USA).json
developer: 5pb.
publisher: Xseed Games
genre: Adventure;Horror
description:
  A gory, disturbing and uncomfortably exhilarating tale of mystery, fear and
  survival, in the tradition of the greatest Japanese horror classics!\n
  Join eight students and one teacher as they inadvertently invoke a powerful
  curse and find themselves wandering the haunted halls of Heavenly Host -- a
  constantly shifting echo of a tragedy-stricken elementary school that should
  have been torn down decades ago. With vengeful spirits lurking around every
  corner and an omnipresent pressure in the air threatening to break what's left
  of their sanity, they must race against their own impending dooms to solve the
  mystery of where and when they are, cataloguing the rotting corpses of their own
  unsuccessful predecessors all the while.\n
  Featuring retro-styled 2D visuals, agonizingly detailed art stills, binaural 3D
  audio with original Japanese voices, over two dozen endings and some truly
  twisted depictions of death, this story-driven horror adventure is the perfect
  nightmare fuel.
release: 2013-01-15
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Corpse Party - Book of Shadows (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Corpse Party - Book of Shadows (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Corpse Party - Book of Shadows (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Corpse Party - Book of Shadows (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Corpse Party - Book of Shadows (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Creature Defense (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Creature Defense (USA)/Creature Defense (USA).json
developer: Hudson Soft
publisher: Hudson Soft
genre: Strategy
description:
  Save the hills, assemble the Monsters!
  .
  "Creature Defense" combines addictive Tower Defense game-play with card-battle
  tactics to allow for an new gaming experience with unlimited strategic
  possibilities.
  .
  Game Features:\n
  - Unique stages and modes!\n
  Includes a plethora of stages and modes promising over 50 hours of game-play!
  Strategize accordingly as you protect the hills from the oncoming monsters!
  Beware of addictive gaming!
  .
  - More than 60 monsters, each with their unique characteristics!\n
  Purchase new Monster Cards to keep your roster growing!
  .
  - SP Skills!\n
  Activated once the Monster’s level has been upgraded, use their skills to take
  the advantage in every battle!
release: 2009-11-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Creature Defense (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Creature Defense (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Creature Defense (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Creature Defense (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Creature Defense (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Crimson Room Reverse (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Crimson Room Reverse (USA)/Crimson Room Reverse (USA).json
developer: Takagism Inc.
publisher: Success
genre: Adventure
description:
  Crimson Room Reverse is an Adventure game, developed by Takagism Inc. and
  published by Success, which was released in Japan in 2009.
release: 2009-11-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Crimson Room Reverse (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Crimson Room Reverse (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Crimson Room Reverse (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Crimson Room Reverse (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Crimson Room Reverse (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Dissidia 012 - Prologus - Duodecim Final Fantasy (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Dissidia 012 - Prologus - Duodecim Final Fantasy (USA)/Dissidia 012 - Prologus - Duodecim Final Fantasy (USA).json
developer: Square Enix
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Fighting;3D
description:
  Cosmos versus Chaos
  .
  .
  Harmony and discord clash once more in DISSIDIA 012[duodecim] FINAL FANTASY for
  PSP, as the gods Cosmos and Chaos struggle against each other in an eternal
  cycle of life, death and rebirth.
  .
  .
  The warring gods call upon the heroes and villains of the FINAL FANTASY series
  to try to tip the scales in their favour, in a superbly rewarding hybrid of the
  fighting and role-playing genres. It's a classic battle of light against dark,
  an endless fight which these FINAL FANTASY stars have decided to finish once and
  for all.
  .
  .
  Drama is handled with effortless style smooth cutscenes dazzle, dialogue
  bristles with age-old rivalries and the combat itself reflects the highly
  individual techniques favoured by each member of this glittering cast.
  .
  .
  Master the challenge of the gods to unearth a game of incredible depth. Not only
  are there countless special attacks and costumes to unlock for each of the
  30-plus characters, but the entire Campaign Mode of DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY, the
  forerunner to this game, is included as a truly staggering bonus.
  .
  .
  Fusing an unforgettable cast with a torrent of special features, DISSIDIA
  012[duodecim] FINAL FANTASY is a must-have for your PSP.
  .
  .
  * Choose your favourite Final Fantasy heroes and villains to take into combat in
  this amazing follow-up to DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY.
  .
  .
  * Includes new characters from FINAL FANTASY lore to fight with, such as
  Lightning from Final Fantasy XIII.
  .
  .
  * Discover the story behind the 12th battle, a new war between Cosmos and Chaos.
release: 2011-03-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dissidia 012 - Prologus - Duodecim Final Fantasy (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dissidia 012 - Prologus - Duodecim Final Fantasy (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dissidia 012 - Prologus - Duodecim Final Fantasy (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dissidia 012 - Prologus - Duodecim Final Fantasy (USA).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Elminage Original (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Elminage Original (USA)/Elminage Original (USA).json
developer: Starfish SD
publisher: UFO Interactive
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Create and raise your characters to defeat the monsters that lurk deep in the
  labyrinth-like dungeons. Its simple gameplay and sense of freedom makes you feel
  like you are truly inside a fantasy world.
  .
  Choose from 16 occupation including the likes of Fighter, Mage and Samurai.\n
  With 9 races to choose from, diverse parties can be created set according to
  gender, age and their personality. In addition, customize the game to your
  liking with the graphic/sound functions.
  .
  With many events along the way, fulfill the main quest to search for the 5
  rings.\n
  Let's open the gates and head out to a new adventure.
release: 2012-11-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Elminage Original (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Elminage Original (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Elminage Original (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Elminage Original (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Elminage Original (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: End of Serenity (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/End of Serenity (USA)/End of Serenity (USA).json
developer: Kemco
publisher: Natsume, Inc.
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Throughout history, mysterious objects known as 'Atomigems' have existed all
  over the world. The people of the world have used them for many things, from
  simple family heirlooms to even objects of worship. However, recently, a gang
  known as the Underworld has been going around collecting any and all Atomigems
  they can find. What exactly is their aim?
  .
  That's what Eril, known as the Azure Sorceress, intends to find out. Along the
  way, she'll meet some friends who will help her on this mission, such as Yute,
  the son of a famous trader, and Earon, a highly-skilled martial arts fighter.
  Can they find out exactly what the Underworld is up to? And can they do anything
  to stop it, or are they already too late...?
release: 2014-06-24
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/End of Serenity (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/End of Serenity (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/End of Serenity (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/End of Serenity (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/End of Serenity (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Eye of Judgment, The - Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Eye of Judgment, The - Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Eye of Judgment, The - Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Japan Studio
publisher: SCE
genre: Board Game
description:
  The Eye of Judgment: Legends is a spin-off of The Eye of Judgment. The biggest
  difference is that Legends is a digital card game and does not make use of a
  camera during the game to bring the animations to life. It contains all the
  cards of the original game (over 300) and using the PSP online functions you can
  challenge people worldwide. It is also possible to trade cards with other
  players through ad hoc mode and infrastructure mode.
  .
  For Legends a completely new, single-player story mode was created. The card
  game itself has the exact same rules as the original The Eye of Judgment.
release: 2010-03-10
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Eye of Judgment, The - Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Eye of Judgment, The - Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Eye of Judgment, The - Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Eye of Judgment, The - Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Eye of Judgment, The - Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Generation of Chaos - Pandora's Reflection (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Generation of Chaos - Pandora's Reflection (USA)/Generation of Chaos - Pandora's Reflection (USA).json
developer: Super Sting
publisher: NIS
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  The sixth game in Idea Factory's strategy RPG saga, Generation of Chaos:
  Pandora's Reflection features an active-time battle system, in which players can
  move and position their units in real-time across sweeping battlefields --
  you'll need a quick mind and a steady hand to succeed!\n
  Dark clouds blanket the withered skies and block out the sun; cracked earth and
  choking fog rule the land. This colorless world, showing no signs of life, is
  known as Hades. The barren land is blasted by chilling winds that cut to the
  bone ... This is where we meet our heroes -- Yuri, a young girl cursed with a
  disease draining her life away; and Claude, her protective older brother who
  will stop at nothing to save her. As they travel in search of a cure, they find
  themselves embroiled in a conflict that will determine the fate of the world
  and, just maybe, the fate of the siblings. They'll lose old friends, meet new
  friends, and travel on a path that will lead them to the very doorstep of
  destiny...
release: 2013-02-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Generation of Chaos - Pandora's Reflection (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Generation of Chaos - Pandora's Reflection (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Generation of Chaos - Pandora's Reflection (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Generation of Chaos - Pandora's Reflection (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Generation of Chaos - Pandora's Reflection (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Gravity Crash Portable (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Gravity Crash Portable (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It)/Gravity Crash Portable (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).json
developer: Just Add Water
publisher: SCEA
genre: Shooter
description:
  Gravity Crash combines old school arcade gameplay with next-gen visuals,
  delivering a simple yet addictive experience. Pilot a spacecraft and tackle a
  variety of missions, from taking out enemy installations to rescuing stranded
  astronauts. Each planet is fraught with danger, from narrow, twisting tunnels to
  deadly creatures. Players can even create their own custom levels to share.
  You'll need quick wits and a precise, steady hand to survive the action in
  Gravity Crash.
release: 2010-07-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gravity Crash Portable (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gravity Crash Portable (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gravity Crash Portable (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gravity Crash Portable (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).jpg
assets.video: Video/Gravity Crash Portable (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Kurulin Fusion (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Kurulin Fusion (USA)/Kurulin Fusion (USA).json
developer: Tozai, Lancarse
publisher: MTO
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Kurulin Fusion is an hypnotic blend of color, geometry, puzzle action and a
  futuristic soundtrack featuring renowned Final Fantasy composer Nobuo Uematsu's
  reimagining of J.S. Bach. The game combines a fusion block and energy orb to
  score points. Fuse blocks together to obtain an even higher score, or build a
  3X3 combo for the ultimate payoff. You can even challenge a friend in
  multiplayer.
release: 2009-12-10
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Kurulin Fusion (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Kurulin Fusion (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Kurulin Fusion (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Kurulin Fusion (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Kurulin Fusion (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: LocoRoco - Midnight Carnival (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/LocoRoco - Midnight Carnival (USA)/LocoRoco - Midnight Carnival (USA).json
developer: SCE Japan Studio
publisher: Sony
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Midnight Carnival is a spin off of the LocoRoco games, and forms a sequel to
  LocoRoco 2 and was released as a halloween special.
  .
  LocoRoco BuiBui, a red, sinister version of MuiMui, pulls on a nearby star which
  opens a trapdoor over a chute and into a cannon which sends LocoRoco into the
  titular Midnight Carnival that was designed by BuiBui as a secret base, and also
  gives LocoRoco the new "boing" power. It is now up to you to get out.
  .
  Gameplay is unchanged from previous LocoRoco games, you still have to roll along
  by tilting and bouncing your way over walls and climbing up walls. Each stage of
  the game tracks both your score and time progress. You can now dress up your
  LocoRoco.
  .
  Multiplayer comes in the form of four player ad-hoc games, which can be played
  over any of the single player levels.
release: 2009-10-29
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LocoRoco - Midnight Carnival (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LocoRoco - Midnight Carnival (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/LocoRoco - Midnight Carnival (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LocoRoco - Midnight Carnival (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/LocoRoco - Midnight Carnival (USA).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Mystic Chronicles (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Mystic Chronicles (USA)/Mystic Chronicles (USA).json
developer: Kemco
publisher: Natsume
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Orphaned as a child, Lux was raised in the small village of Selka by his
  grandmother. He lived a quiet and uneventful life there until on his 18th
  birthday, when he decided to join the legendary Holos Guild, an organization
  whose primary mission is to rid the world of evil. And that’s when Lux’s life
  began to change. A chance meeting with a young girl will lead Lux on an
  adventure of a lifetime, answering questions of his past and secrets that dwell
  deep within his soul... Is there more to Lux than meets the eye? You’ll never know
  quite what to expect in Mystic Chronicles!
release: 2012-09-04
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mystic Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mystic Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mystic Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mystic Chronicles (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mystic Chronicles (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: No Heroes Allowed! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/No Heroes Allowed! (USA)/No Heroes Allowed! (USA).json
developer: Acquire
publisher: SCEA
genre: Strategy
description:
  Experience No Heroes Allowed!™ originally released on the PSP™
  (PlayStation®Portable) system, enhanced with up-rendering, rewind, quick
  save, and custom video filters.
  .
  Badman is hatching evil plans for world domination from his underground lair.
  But the rumblings from above are that there are heroes on the hunt, looking
  to bring him to justice. Only you can save Badman by luring them into your
  own monster-filled dungeons of doom!
  .
  Become the God of Destruction, summoned to save Badman from an army of heroic
  forces. Dig a vast network of dungeons and create an ecosystem of hungry
  monsters to defeat the invading warriors.
  .
  The enemy is on the way and, as Badman famously said back in 2010, there is
  no sweeter sound than the scream of a slain hero, muwahahahaha…
  .
  This title has been converted from the PSP™ (PlayStation®Portable) version to
  the PlayStation®4 and PlayStation®5 consoles and provides newly added
  features. Consequently, there may be times where the title plays differently
  from the PSP™ (PlayStation®Portable) version, or where some features may
  cause the title to not function properly. This version does not support the
  PSP™ (PlayStation®Portable) system’s peripherals, therefore some
  functionality may not be available.
release: 2010-11-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/No Heroes Allowed! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/No Heroes Allowed! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/No Heroes Allowed! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/No Heroes Allowed! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/No Heroes Allowed! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Patchwork Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Patchwork Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es)/Patchwork Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).json
developer: Acquire
publisher: SCEA
genre: Action
description:
  Save a colorful world in need of a brave hero! Millions of innocent lives are
  being threatened by giant warships that are targeting defenseless cities and
  towns. Answer the people's cry for help and control a machine that can cut apart
  warships into harmless patches.
  .
  A unique artistic style is combined with friendly game play to create instant
  excitement! No two levels are alike as you learn new strategies and get help
  from comrades to overcome different enemies throughout a fun story.
  .
  Features:\n
  • Beat 30 action-packed levels, each with a different war ship, enemies, and
  obstacles to overcome\n
  • Easy controls let you cut ships apart, set bombs, and use special Mojo attacks
  to defeat the enemy\n
  • Uncover the story and get to know your comrades and the innocent cities being
  threatened by enemies\n
  • React quickly and plan ahead to stop enemy repairs and attacks before time
  runs out\n
  • Become the ultimate patchwork hero by mastering unique challenges in Mission
  Mode
release: 2010-03-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Patchwork Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Patchwork Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.background: Background/Patchwork Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Patchwork Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).jpg
assets.video: Video/Patchwork Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Piyotama (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Piyotama (USA)/Piyotama (USA).json
developer: SCE Japan Studio
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Puzzle
description:
  Piyotama is a puzzle game where the goal is to manipulate colored eggs and line
  up four or more in a row to "hatch" them. The eggs can only be manipulated when
  outside of the "nest" (the play area), which is accomplished by sliding the
  selected row of eggs to the left or right using the dpad. The order of the three
  eggs pushed out of the nest can be cycled left or right using the X and O
  buttons, respectively. The current row can be changed with the up and down
  directions on the dpad allowing them to be re-inserted on a different row to
  form lines of matching eggs.
  .
  Once a line of four eggs is formed a "hatch" is begun, giving the player a short
  time to create more lines of eggs to form a combo to score more points before
  the eggs hatch. When the "hatch" timer is up any eggs that formed part of a line
  will hatch and the little Piyos will fly off to collect on either side of the
  screen. An egg will hatch even if it is no longer part of a line of matching
  eggs, so long as it is not being held outside of the nest. The remaining eggs
  will fall to fill in the gaps. When enough points are scored the player's level
  increases.
  .
  An additional dimension is added to the controls by the use of the Sixaxis
  controller's motion-sensing abilities. By shaking the Sixaxis from side-to-side
  the eggs can be shaken to fall into gaps. Shaking the controller up-and-down
  will cause the eggs to jump about offering limited control in re-ordering the
  eggs beyond manipulating them three-at-a-time beyond the nest. If a hatch has
  started, shaking the controller will cause the eggs to hatch immediately. The
  maneuver can be particularly useful in the battle mode when the eggs are getting
  close to filling the nest, which would result in the end of the game.
release: 2010-07-27
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Piyotama (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Piyotama (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Piyotama (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Piyotama (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Piyotama (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Red Star, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Red Star, The (USA)/Red Star, The (USA).json
developer: Acclaim Studios Austin
publisher: XS Games
genre: Action
description:
  The Red Star is a third-person action game based on the graphic novel of the
  same name. The setting is an alternate reality version of the Soviet Union, the
  United Republics of the Red Star (URRS) where magic and technology co-exist. You
  can play as one of three character each with different abilities and play
  styles. The gameplay includes elements of shoot'em up and beat'em up genres,
  boss fights, weapon upgrades, and more.
release: 2010-03-17
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Red Star, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Red Star, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Red Star, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Red Star, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Red Star, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Savage Moon - The Hera Campaign (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Savage Moon - The Hera Campaign (USA)/Savage Moon - The Hera Campaign (USA).json
developer: FluffyLogic
publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
genre: Strategy
description:
  Savage Moon: The Hera Campaign, named with reference to the Aegophagus: the goat
  eating aspect of the Greek goddess. This huge gathering of Imoons, the Hera
  Cluster, drifted into human space a few months ago. Preliminary intelligence
  suggests that it consists of 20 Imoons populated by a rich variety of
  Insectocyte forms, some of which we have encountered before and some of which
  are new. The human military forces have advanced too with new technologies being
  available for the Hera Campaign. Pride of place goes to the Sniper Tower - a
  deadly new combat tower that seeks prey that poses the biggest threat within
  range. We have also separated the blocking towers from the rest of the
  tower-tech to give the player both drop-pods (that land a new combat or support
  tower) and block-pods (that land a blocking tower). And finally, in addition,
  you now play as the Supreme Commander of the entire armada. The player controls
  events for the whole campaign as well as each individual Imoon mission; choosing
  which Imoon to concentrate your resources on via the new Tactical Layer
  interface.
release: 2009-12-22
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Savage Moon - The Hera Campaign (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Savage Moon - The Hera Campaign (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Savage Moon - The Hera Campaign (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Savage Moon - The Hera Campaign (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Savage Moon - The Hera Campaign (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Unchained Blades (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Sony/Sony PlayStation Network - PlayStation Portable/Unchained Blades (USA)/Unchained Blades (USA).json
developer: FuRyu
publisher: Xseed Games
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Unchained Blades follows the story of the dragon emperor, Fang, who after being
  stripped of his powers by the goddess Clunea, embarks on a journey for revenge
  and to regain his true form. Arrogant and vengeful, Fang is joined in his quest
  by a cowardly golem prince, a shy medusa priestess, a young phoenix clan maiden,
  and many other mythical beings seeking to meet with the goddess.\n
  In Unchained Blades, players journey through the game with a party of up to four
  characters, moving through dungeons in a first-person perspective and engaging
  in turn-based combat along the way. Using the game's unique "Unchain" system
  while in battle, players are able to try and convince monsters to follow them.
  If they are successful in using the Unchain system, the enemy monster will then
  join their party and help them in the future by blocking attacks or supplying
  players with special offensive abilities. Each character in the player's four
  person party can hold up to four unchained creatures, ensuring plenty of combat
  variety.
release: 2012-06-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Unchained Blades (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Unchained Blades (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Unchained Blades (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Unchained Blades (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Unchained Blades (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


