collection: Sega Saturn
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Sega Saturn" {file.path}


game: Alone in the Dark - One-Eyed Jack's Revenge (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Alone in the Dark - One-Eyed Jack's Revenge (USA)/Alone in the Dark - One-Eyed Jack's Revenge (USA).json
developer: Infogrames
publisher: Interplay Entertainment
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The original game's horror theme has been significantly de-emphasized in the
  sequel. While there are some supernatural goings-on (Voodoo black magic), the
  main villains are gangsters and pirates. While the enemies are revealed to be
  possessed by evil spirits, and are green and zombie-like in appearance, they are
  far from the shambling walking corpses of the first game, and walk, talk, and
  behave much like ordinary people, arming themselves with Tommy Guns and shouting
  at the player. The game world is larger than that of the original, encompassing
  not only the mansion, but also the surrounding gardens as well as a pirate ship
  hidden in caverns beneath the house.
  .
  Although much of the game is spent playing as Carnby, the player will
  occasionally take control of Grace Saunders. Grace, a child, cannot fight and is
  instantly captured if the gangsters spot her, so instead she must sneak around
  and defeat the gangsters by turning common household objects into booby traps.
release: 1996-02-23
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Alone in the Dark - One-Eyed Jack's Revenge (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Alone in the Dark - One-Eyed Jack's Revenge (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Alone in the Dark - One-Eyed Jack's Revenge (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Alone in the Dark - One-Eyed Jack's Revenge (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Alone in the Dark - One-Eyed Jack's Revenge (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Bio Hazard (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Bio Hazard (Japan)/Bio Hazard (Japan).json
developer: Nextech
publisher: Capcom
genre: Action;Horror;Puzzle
description:
  Raccoon City has been completely overrun by mutant beasts and bloodthirsty
  zombies. You are a member of S.T.A.R.S.--a rescue squad sent into the community
  to investigate the ominous mansion at the core of the disaster. Take the role of
  operative Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield and uncover the secrets behind a
  radical, genetic research facility. With an array of weapons to master and
  horrors around every corner, the ultimate test may be just to make it out alive.
  .
  Exclusive to the SEGA Saturn version is a Battle Mode bonus mode, where, with
  limited ammo and under the threat of limited time, the player must survive a
  series of rooms filled with monsters.
release: 1997-07-25
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bio Hazard (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bio Hazard (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bio Hazard (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bio Hazard (Japan).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Bug! (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Bug! (USA)/Bug! (USA).json
developer: Realtime Associates
publisher: Sega
genre: Platform
description:
  Bug! was played like a traditional side-scrolling adventure game. In the same
  fashion as Sonic the Hedgehog (in one level Bug must race against Sonic), Bug
  must jump and stomp on the heads of his enemies to defeat them while making his
  way through large levels and collecting power-ups. What sets Bug! apart is the
  game's 3D levels, which take the side-view and tweak it. Bug can walk sidewise
  up vertical surfaces and even upside down. Each set of levels (ranging from a
  bright, green grassy area to a deep red, desert level) has a deeply individual
  look and feel.
release: 1995-12-08
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Bug! (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Bug! (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Bug! (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Bug! (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Bug! (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Clockwork Knight - Pepperouchau's Adventure (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Clockwork Knight - Pepperouchau's Adventure (USA)/Clockwork Knight - Pepperouchau's Adventure (USA).json
developer: AM7
publisher: Sega
genre: Platform
description:
  Sir Tongara de Pepperouchau III ("Pepper" for short) is a toy soldier. He is in
  love with the Clockwork Fairy Princess, Chelsea, whose voice wakes up the toys
  of the house every night at midnight. But he is clumsy and something of a
  laughingstock, especially when compared to his friendly rival Ginger who is also
  after Chelsea's heart.
  .
  One night Chelsea is stolen away by an unknown force, which also hypnotizes some
  of the lesser toys to become fierce minions and stand in the way of anyone who
  would try to rescue her. If there's no voice to wake them up anymore then the
  toys will never live again, so Pepper and Ginger head off to find Chelsea before
  it's too late.
release: 1994-12-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Clockwork Knight - Pepperouchau's Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Clockwork Knight - Pepperouchau's Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Clockwork Knight - Pepperouchau's Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Clockwork Knight - Pepperouchau's Adventure (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Clockwork Knight - Pepperouchau's Adventure (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: D (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/D (USA)/D (USA).json
developer: Warp
publisher: Acclaim
genre: Adventure
description:
  D is a dark adventure game that explores the twisted designs of a madman and
  involves the supernatural, D is set at the L.A. National Hospital. Players take
  on the role of the daughter of a doctor who went mad and embarked on a murderous
  rampage, and it's up to them to find out why. Inside the hospital all is dark,
  and fear surrounds the player at every turn, because there's no way to know
  what's lurking in the shadows. The girl must face this waking nightmare in the
  hopes of ending the madness, but the forces arrayed against her are powerful,
  and might not just claim her life, but her soul as well.
  .
  Players walk through the hospital, which is fully rendered with 3D graphics, and
  must search for the clues that explain the cause behind the horrific events that
  have taken place. Puzzles and conundrums can be found aplenty, and solving them
  is not only important to completing the game, it's also a matter of life and
  death for their character. Gruesome scenes can be found in abundance, as can
  violent and scary encounters, so be forwarned that D is not for the faint of
  heart.''D'' is a horror/adventure released for Playstation, Sega Saturn, and the
  computer. It was released back in 1995 and was very misunderstood for it's genre
  because after a few weeks it hit the shelves, it became a clunker. Obviously
  this game wasn't FOR everybody, but people who appreciate it's genre which is a
  horror/adventure video game movie.
release: 1995-07-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/D (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/D (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/D (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/D (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/D (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Daytona USA (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Daytona USA (USA)/Daytona USA (USA).json
developer: Sega AM2
publisher: Sega
genre: Racing
description:
  Sega's premier stock car racing game comes to the Dreamcast with DAYTONA USA.
  All of the cars and tracks from every game in the DAYTONA series are included,
  resulting in the most complete DAYTONA racer ever seen. There are a number of
  playing modes as well. Take on the challenges of competing in a Single Race, try
  to beat your friends in the Two-Player mode, or for the ultimate challenge you
  can race through the Championship mode and unlock hidden items. In every mode,
  you can customize your vehicle including its looks, handling, speed, and many
  other options. Now you can race stock cars with people from around the world
  from the comfort of your living room with DAYTONA USA.
release: 1995-04-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Daytona USA (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Daytona USA (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Daytona USA (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Daytona USA (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Daytona USA (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Deep Fear (Japan)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Deep Fear (Japan)/Deep Fear (Japan).json
developer: ISCO
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Adventure;Horror
description:
  All contact is lost with a submarine on a routine mission which then crashes
  into an underwater facility. The occupants of the underwater facility are
  ordered to board the submarine and find out what went wrong. On board the
  vessel, strange things are happening which are taking control of the crew. The
  crew are mutating due to an alien parasite and members of the search team have
  to figure out what is happening and how to stop it!
  .
  The game is played via a third person view which is just behind the character
  and you look over his shoulder. The game is based underwater in a submarine so
  the developers have added a claustrophobic feeling by giving some areas a
  limited amount of air so you have to run through to activate the air circulation
  system. Controls are your typical Resident Evil style which is you pull the
  Right shoulder button to draw your gun, your d-pad to aim and then a button to
  shoot. Along your journey of the submarine, you will need to find objects such
  as keycards to unlock doors and better weapons.
release: 1998-06-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Deep Fear (Japan).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Deep Fear (Japan).jpg
assets.background: Background/Deep Fear (Japan).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Deep Fear (Japan).jpg
assets.video: Video/Deep Fear (Japan).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Enemy Zero (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Enemy Zero (USA)/Enemy Zero (USA).json
developer: Warp
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Enemy Zero is one of the horror titles by Warp, closely connected to D (and its
  sequel D2 for Dreamcast). It also features the same heroine as in D series.
  .
  The crew members of the spaceship Aki were in a state of suspended animation.
  All of a sudden, the ship emergency program woke them up. What has happened?
  Apparently, a hostile alien life form had penetrated the spaceship. Now Laura,
  the heroine of the game, has to establish contact with her comrades, finding her
  way through the maze-like corridors of the giant vessel. She will also have to
  defend herself against the aliens, which seem even more intimidating because
  they are totally invisible.
  .
  The game consists of two genres: puzzle-solving adventure and shooter. When you
  enter a room, the enemies can't attack you, and you can explore it from 1st
  person perspective, taking objects, and solving puzzles. When you wander through
  ship corridors, you enter the 1st person shooter mode. Since the enemies are
  invisible, you'll have to listen to the sounds they make. A high sound means an
  enemy is right in front of you; a mid-range sound means it is attacking from the
  side; a low-pitched noise tells you it is behind you. You can figure out the
  distance between you and the enemy by the intensity of the sound.
release: 1997-10-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Enemy Zero (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Enemy Zero (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Enemy Zero (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Enemy Zero (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Enemy Zero (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Legend of Oasis, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Legend of Oasis, The (USA)/Legend of Oasis, The (USA).json
developer: Ancient
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Join Leon in his journey to banish Agito, gain control of the Silver Amulet, and
  become the next Spirit King of Oasis. Unbelievable hand drawn animation! More
  than nine special moves. Use scrolls and Spirits to power up your arsenal. Use
  the forces of six angry spirits to destroy the undead forces of Agito! The
  action-packed prequel to Beyond Oasis!
release: 1996-11-30
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Legend of Oasis, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Legend of Oasis, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Legend of Oasis, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Legend of Oasis, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Legend of Oasis, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mansion of Hidden Souls, The (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Mansion of Hidden Souls, The (USA)/Mansion of Hidden Souls, The (USA).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Adventure
description:
  This Saturn-exclusive game is actually a sequel to the Sega CD game Mansion of
  Hidden Souls, even though the title might lead one to believe it is a remake.
  .
  This game takes place after the events of the first game. The souls of the
  hidden mansion have asked you to return, because they have recognized that you
  possess special powers that allow you to see the butterfly manifestations of the
  souls living there. Something terrible is afoot at the mansion, and you must
  investigate things and set them right. Along the way you must discover the true
  purpose of the mansion and it's significance in the universe.
  .
  Much like the Sega CD game, this is an FMV adventure. You move from location to
  location via video sequences, and solve puzzles to move on in the story.
release: 1994-12-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mansion of Hidden Souls, The (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mansion of Hidden Souls, The (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mansion of Hidden Souls, The (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mansion of Hidden Souls, The (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mansion of Hidden Souls, The (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mass Destruction (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Mass Destruction (USA)/Mass Destruction (USA).json
developer: NMS Software Ltd.
publisher: ASC Games
genre: Action
description:
  Mass Destruction puts players behind the controls of a one-man tank. The
  environments range from arctic to desert to urban. The player can blow up trees,
  buildings, walls - whatever you don't like the look. Enemies will come at you in
  tanks, planes, helicopters, and on foot. Each of the different weapons available
  to the player works best on a specific enemy. The player can use guided missiles
  for the helicopters and run over infantry men with the tank
release: 1997-12-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mass Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mass Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mass Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mass Destruction (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mass Destruction (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Mystaria - The Realms of Lore (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Mystaria - The Realms of Lore (USA)/Mystaria - The Realms of Lore (USA).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Role-Playing;Strategy
description:
  Mystaria: The Realms of Lore, originally released as Riglordsaga in Japan, is a
  strategy game developed by Sega and Microcabin for the Sega Saturn. Two versions
  of the game were released in the US: one titled Mystaria: The Realms of Lore and
  the other as Blazing Heroes.
  .
  Mystaria, once a land of peace and serenity, is now embroiled in turmoil. The
  evil Lord Bane and his ruthless band of marauders have overtaken the four
  kingdoms that rule this land. Now you must rely on the special powers of a
  Prince, a Ninja, a Lion man and others to reclaim your kingdoms and regain
  control of this beautiful land you once called your own! Breathtaking 3D
  graphics plus changing views and perspectives pull you into the action.
  Characters learn special attacks with each battle - over 250 attacks in all! Use
  a vast array of spells in your quest to conquer the evil Lord Bane and over 50
  monsters and enemies.
  .
  You are Aragon, the prince of Mystaria. Long time ago, your father was one of
  the twelve mighty warriors who opposed Sith, the evil being that once tried to
  open the sacred portals of Mystaria. In the ultimate battle, your father was
  slain by Sith, but his eleven companion captured the villain and banished him,
  depriving him of his forces. Sith spend many years in a remote prison, until he
  grew powerful again. Now he came back to Mystaria and took over the kingdom. It
  is now up to Aragon to find eleven companions in order to be able to defeat evil
  again.
  .
  This is a strategy RPG along the lines of Shining Force series. Your party
  contains twelve characters, six of which can be used in battles. The turn-based
  battles are long and strategic - you move your characters on the battlefield,
  and the force of your attack depends on the amount of previous movement made by
  you. You can also use a variety of magic spells to hurt many enemies at the same
  time.
release: 1995-07-21
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mystaria - The Realms of Lore (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mystaria - The Realms of Lore (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mystaria - The Realms of Lore (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mystaria - The Realms of Lore (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Mystaria - The Realms of Lore (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: NiGHTS into Dreams... (USA) (Demo)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/NiGHTS into Dreams... (USA) (Demo)/NiGHTS into Dreams... (USA) (Demo).json
developer: Sonic Team
publisher: Sega
genre: Action
description:
  Immerse yourself in an unparalleled 3D flying experience. NiGHTS truly delivers
  an amazing virtual world of dreams -- filled with unbelievable real-time
  effects, fantastic creatures and nightmarish monsters.
  .
  * Master a showcase of Sega Saturn's Processing Power.\n
  * Face your worst nightmares in a stunning world of 3D gameplay.\n
  * Dozens of camera angles, never-seen-before effects and 3D positional sound.\n
  * Developed exclusively for Sega Saturn by the creators of "Sonic the Hedgehog."
release: 1996-08-31
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/NiGHTS into Dreams... (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/NiGHTS into Dreams... (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.background: Background/NiGHTS into Dreams... (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/NiGHTS into Dreams... (USA) (Demo).jpg
assets.video: Video/NiGHTS into Dreams... (USA) (Demo).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic R (USA, Brazil)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Sonic R (USA, Brazil)/Sonic R (USA, Brazil).json
developer: Sonic Team
publisher: Sega
genre: Action;Racing
description:
  Everybody's Supersonic Racing! Knuckles, Tails, Amy and Dr. Robotnik join Sonic
  in his speediest outing yet. Containing 5 graphically stunning tracks with many
  short-cuts and secrets. Sonic R will have you coming back for more. Features
  Grand Prix, 4 Time Attack modes and split-screen 2 player game. R U Ready?!?
release: 1997-11-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic R (USA, Brazil).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic R (USA, Brazil).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic R (USA, Brazil).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic R (USA, Brazil).jpg
assets.video: Video/Sonic R (USA, Brazil).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Virtua Cop (USA) (6S)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Virtua Cop (USA) (6S)/Virtua Cop (USA) (6S).json
developer: Sega AM2
publisher: Sega
genre: Shooter
description:
  You're a cop. Putting your life on the line is your job. Staying alive is your
  challenge. Split second decision making, timing and lightning fast reflexes are
  what it takes in this adrenaline pumping game of cat and mouse. Dirt bags pop
  out of virtually every hiding place with their guns aimed, cocked and ready to
  shoot - you!
release: 1995-11-24
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Virtua Cop (USA) (6S).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Virtua Cop (USA) (6S).jpg
assets.background: Background/Virtua Cop (USA) (6S).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Virtua Cop (USA) (6S).jpg
assets.video: Video/Virtua Cop (USA) (6S).mp4
x-co-op: Yes


game: Virtua Fighter 2 (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Virtua Fighter 2 (USA)/Virtua Fighter 2 (USA).json
developer: Sega
publisher: Sega
genre: Fighting
description:
  In Virtua Fighter 2, the intrepid fighters return to the World Fighting
  Tournament. Take to the stage to see who will claim the championship title. Will
  it be Lau Chan, Kage-Maru, Wolf Hawkfield, Jeffry McWild, Akira Yuki, Jacky
  Bryant, Sarah Bryant, or Pai Chan? The answer lies within. Immerse yourself in
  this technically challenging game and see if you have what it takes to be the
  champion of the second World Fighting Tournament!
release: 1995-12-01
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Virtua Fighter 2 (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Virtua Fighter 2 (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Virtua Fighter 2 (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Virtua Fighter 2 (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Virtua Fighter 2 (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


game: Virtual Hydlide (USA)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Other/Sega Saturn/Virtual Hydlide (USA)/Virtual Hydlide (USA).json
developer: T&E Soft
publisher: Atlus
genre: Action;Role-Playing
description:
  Action/RPG's don't get more real than this! Discover the ultimate fantasy world
  in this compelling epic adventure! An enchanted realm known as the Dream World
  has been captured an army of supernatural warriors, zombies, vampires and more
  infest the once peaceful land, awaiting new battles and conquests.
  .
  You are a hero, born to the sword. Your mission is to free Dream World from the
  grip of the undead maravders by using your wits, your sword, and few magic items
  you uncover in your travels.
release: 1995-04-27
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Virtual Hydlide (USA).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Virtual Hydlide (USA).jpg
assets.background: Background/Virtual Hydlide (USA).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Virtual Hydlide (USA).jpg
assets.video: Video/Virtual Hydlide (USA).mp4
x-co-op: No


