collection: Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD
launch: {env.JB_LAUNCHROM_PROGRAM} -l "Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD" {file.path}


game: Army of Two (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Army of Two (USA) (GOD)/Army of Two (USA) (GOD).json
developer: EA Montreal
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  Focusing on cooperative strategies, Army of Two's main feature is the necessity
  to use coordinated teamwork to accomplish the game's goals. While the game is
  meant to be played with another human as a partner, a "Partner Artificial
  Intelligence" (PAI) is also included and programmed to follow the player's
  strategies. Dependence on a partner (whether human or PAI) is so pronounced that
  most objectives are impossible to complete without it.
release: 2008-03-04
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Army of Two (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Army of Two (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Army of Two (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Army of Two (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Assassin's Creed (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Assassin's Creed (USA) (GOD)/Assassin's Creed (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Ubisoft Montreal
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Action;Adventure;Sandbox;Stealth
description:
  Assassin's Creed is the next-gen game developed by Ubisoft Montreal that
  redefines the action genre. While other games claim to be next-gen with
  impressive graphics and physics, Assassin's Creed merges technology, game
  design, theme, and emotions into a world where you instigate chaos and become a
  vulnerable, yet powerful, agent of change.
  .
  The setting is 1191 AD. The Third Crusade is tearing the Holy Land apart. You,
  Altair, intend to stop the hostilities by suppressing both sides of the
  conflict.
  .
  You are an Assassin, a warrior shrouded in secrecy and feared for your
  ruthlessness. Your actions can throw your immediate environment into chaos, and
  your existence will shape events during this pivotal moment in history.
release: 2007-11-13
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Assassin's Creed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Assassin's Creed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Assassin's Creed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Assassin's Creed (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Assassin's Creed - Revelations (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Assassin's Creed - Revelations (USA) (GOD)/Assassin's Creed - Revelations (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Ubisoft Montreal
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Action;Adventure;Sandbox;Stealth
description:
  When a man has won all his battles and defeated his enemies; what is left for
  him to achieve? Ezio Auditore must leave his life behind in search of answers,
  In search of the truth.
  .
  In Assassin’s Creed Revelations, master assassin Ezio Auditore walks in the
  footsteps of the legendary mentor Altair, on a journey of discovery and
  revelation. It is a perilous path - one that will take Ezio to Constantinople,
  the heart of the Ottoman Empire, where a growing army of Templars threatens to
  destabilize the region.
  .
  In addition to Ezio’s award-winning story, a refined and expanded online
  multiplayer experience returns with more modes, more maps and more characters,
  allowing you to test your assassin skills against others from around the world.
release: 2011-11-15
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Assassin's Creed - Revelations (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Assassin's Creed - Revelations (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Assassin's Creed - Revelations (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Assassin's Creed - Revelations (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Battlefield - Bad Company 2 (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Battlefield - Bad Company 2 (USA) (GOD)/Battlefield - Bad Company 2 (USA) (GOD).json
developer: EA DICE
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Action;Shooter
description:
  In Battlefield: Bad Company 2, the Bad Company crew again find themselves in the
  heart of the action, where they must use every weapon and vehicle at their
  disposal to survive. The action unfolds with unprecedented intensity,
  introducing a level of fervor to vehicular warfare never before experienced in a
  modern warfare action game.\n
  The 'B' company fight their way through snowy mountaintops, dense jungles and
  dusty villages. With a heavy arsenal of deadly weapons and a slew of vehicles to
  aid them, the crew set off on their mission and they are ready to blow up, shoot
  down, blast through, wipe out and utterly destroy anything that gets in their
  way. Total destruction is the name of the game -- either online or offline,
  enemies will soon learn there is nowhere to hide.
release: 2010-03-02
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Battlefield - Bad Company 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Battlefield - Bad Company 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Battlefield - Bad Company 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Battlefield - Bad Company 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: BioShock Infinite (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/BioShock Infinite (USA) (GOD)/BioShock Infinite (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Irrational Games
publisher: 2K Games
genre: Shooter
description:
  BioShock Infinite is a first-person shooter like you’ve never seen. Set in 1912,
  players assume the role of former Pinkerton agent Booker DeWitt, sent to the
  flying city of Columbia on a rescue mission. His target? Elizabeth, imprisoned
  since childhood. During their daring escape, Booker and Elizabeth form a
  powerful bond -- one that lets Booker augment his own abilities with her
  world-altering control over the environment. Together, they fight from
  high-speed Sky-Lines, in the streets and houses of Columbia, on giant zeppelins,
  and in the clouds, all while learning to harness an expanding arsenal of weapons
  and abilities, and immersing players in a story that is not only steeped in
  profound thrills and surprises, but also invests its characters with deep
  emotional bonds.
release: 2013-03-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/BioShock Infinite (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/BioShock Infinite (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/BioShock Infinite (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/BioShock Infinite (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Borderlands 2 (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Borderlands 2 (USA) (GOD)/Borderlands 2 (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Gearbox Software
publisher: 2K Games
genre: Role-Playing;Shooter
description:
  Five years after The Destroyer was vanquished, a new valuable mineral known as
  Eridian was discovered in the crust of the planet Pandora. The powerful Hyperion
  Corporation, led by Handsome Jack, secured a moon base and eventually occupied
  the entire planet, depriving it of Eridian. One day, four vault hunters fall
  into a trap prepared by Jack, but are rescued by a ClapTrap robot and shown the
  way to a resistance movement that tries to put an end to Hyperion's regime.
  .
  Borderlands 2, like its predecessor, is a first-person shooter that incorporates
  character building, quests and procedural content generation elements from
  role-playing games, particularly roguelikes, along with vehicle-based gameplay
  from contemporary shooters. The sequel features four new characters embodying
  four classes that represent different special skills and weapon affinities.
  Accumulated experience points result in skill points, which can then be
  allocated to the nodes of one of three skill trees that vary between classes.
  Weapons differ not only by type, firing speed or damage, they can also cause
  elemental damage that is more or less effective against specific types of
  opponents.
  .
  Players can take on the game's challenges by themselves, or enlist the help of
  other players in the cooperative multiplayer mode. Compared to the first game,
  the game world is not split into disjunct pieces anymore, but has become
  continuously connected. Non-player characters now follow their own schedules and
  agendas as opposed to being fixed in their position permanently.
release: 2012-09-18
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Borderlands 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Borderlands 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Borderlands 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Borderlands 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Burnout Paradise (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Burnout Paradise (USA) (GOD)/Burnout Paradise (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Criterion Games
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Racing
description:
  Welcome to Paradise City! Make action your middle name, as you control what
  happens when and where in Burnout Paradise! Immerse yourself in the open roads
  of Paradise City from the downtown streets through the hectic freeways to the
  sweeping mountain roads; the world is waiting to be explored!
  .
  Slam, Shunt, and Wreck opponents in cross-town race events, where YOU decide the
  fastest route to the finish line. Hit the jumps and find shortcuts, smash
  through barriers and get to the places that other racers can't reach to get that
  competitive edge!
  .
  Meet your friends online with the revolutionary EasyDrive system that smashes
  through the tedium of lobbies and servers and cuts straight to the chase.
  Burnout Paradise provides the ultimate driving playground for you and your
  friends to play online on the Xbox 360.
release: 2008-01-22
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Burnout Paradise (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Burnout Paradise (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Burnout Paradise (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Burnout Paradise (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dante's Inferno (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Dante's Inferno (USA) (GOD)/Dante's Inferno (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Visceral
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  The Italian mercenary Dante returns home from the bloodletting that was the
  Third Crusade to two pieces of soul-crushing news. The first is that although he
  was assured that he was absolved of mortal sins committed in the form of wartime
  atrocities in the name of the churches interests in the Holy Land, that is not
  actually the case and his immortal soul is in grave peril. The second and more
  terrible is that his beloved Beatrice has been murdered, and her soul pulled
  down into hell by a dark force. Vowing not to accept the damnation of either
  souls, he gives chase, vows to get Beatrice back and descends into the infamous
  nine circles of hell. For weapons, he wields Death's soul-reaping scythe, and
  commands holy powers of the cross, given to him by Beatrice. Dante’s Inferno is
  an epic single player, third-person action adventure game inspired by "Inferno",
  part one of Dante Alighieri’s classic Italian poem, "The Divine Comedy."
  Featuring nonstop action rendered at 60 frames-per-second, signature and
  upgradable weapons, attack combos and mana-fueled spells and the choice of
  punishing or absolving the souls of defeated enemies, it is a classic Medieval
  tale of the eternal conflict with sin and the resulting horrors of hell, adapted
  for a new generation and a new medium.
release: 2010-02-09
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dante's Inferno (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dante's Inferno (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dante's Inferno (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dante's Inferno (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Dark Souls (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Dark Souls (USA) (GOD)/Dark Souls (USA) (GOD).json
developer: FromSoftware, Inc.
publisher: Namco Bandai
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Dark Souls is a brand new dark fantasy RPG designed to completely embrace the
  concepts of tension in dungeon exploration, fear in encountering enemies, the
  joy of new discoveries, and a high sense of achievement in progressing. The game
  is set in a dark fantasy world filled with decadent atmosphere, with a heavy
  emphasis on player freedom in discovering various tactics and strategies to use
  in weapon based combat.
release: 2011-10-04
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dark Souls (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dark Souls (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dark Souls (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dark Souls (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Darksiders (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Darksiders (USA) (GOD)/Darksiders (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Vigil Games
publisher: THQ
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Darksiders is a third-person, single player action/adventure game inspired by
  the characters, themes, and mythology of the apocalypse and the battle of
  Armageddon described by the Book of Revelation. But this modern interpretation
  is not your run of the mill Sunday school stroll through the New Testament. In
  the game players take on the role of "War," one of the dreaded Four Horsemen of
  the Apocalypse. But things are not as they were. Once the unstoppable and just
  wielder of divine retribution, War is now reduced in stature and cast out among
  the ruined lands of the Earth that he himself devastated. All that remains is
  the search for the truth behind his betrayal and the survival of its
  consequences.
  .
  Deceived by the forces of evil into prematurely bringing about the end of the
  world, War stands accused of breaking the sacred law by inciting a war between
  heaven and hell. Dishonored and stripped of his powers, War must return to Earth
  to search for the truth and punish those responsible. But there is no clear
  definition of good and evil in this tale. Hunted by a vengeful group of angels,
  War must take on the forces of Hell, forge uneasy alliances with the very demons
  he hunts, and journey across the ravaged remains of the Earth on his quest for
  vindication. But the answers he seeks will reveal a deep conspiracy in which War
  will find, and have to resign himself to the reality that although once the hand
  of God, he is just a pawn in the eternal battle between heaven and hell.
release: 2010-01-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Darksiders (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Darksiders (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Darksiders (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Darksiders (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Darksiders II (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Darksiders II (USA) (GOD)/Darksiders II (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Vigil Games
publisher: THQ
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing
description:
  Awakened by the End of Days, Death, the most feared of the legendary Four
  Horsemen, embarks on a quest to undo Armageddon. Along the way, the Horseman
  discovers that there are far worse things than an earthly Apocalypse, and that
  an ancient grudge may threaten all of Creation. Become the terrifying force
  which everything fears but nothing can escape. Death Lives in Darksiders II.
  .
  Darksiders II follows the exploits of Deat, in an action-packed tale that runs
  parallel to the events in the original Darksiders game. This epic journey
  propels Death across an expansive gameworld as he tries to redeem his brother,
  War, the horseman blamed for prematurely starting the Apocalypse in Darksiders.
  .
  Like the original Darksiders game before it, the second game in the series is
  primarily a hack 'n slash adventure. The game takes place across netherworld
  environments, including "The White city," an outpost where angels live, and "The
  Eternal Throne," a floating fortress where the Lords of the Dead stand guard
  over souls that need to be cleansed. Although Death is the most feared of the
  Four Horsemen, his physical abilities are very different than his brother, War.
  Death is far more nimble, and relies on a combination of melee and ranged
  attacks. In combat Death's primary weapon is his huge iconic scythe, with a wide
  range of other weapons and usable items that must be gathered as the game
  progresses. Weapons can be dual-wielded, upgradable armor can be acquired for
  protection and Death has access to a terrifying and powerful pale mount.
release: 2012-08-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Darksiders II (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Darksiders II (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Darksiders II (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Darksiders II (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Dead Island (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Dead Island (USA) (GOD)/Dead Island (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Techland
publisher: Deep Silver
genre: Horror;Role-Playing
description:
  Dead Island feature open world gameplay, played from a first person perspective,
  with up to four-player co-operative play in a heavily interactive environment.
  The focus will be on melee combat, incorporating customizable weaponry,
  vehicular customization/combat, and RPG elements.
release: 2011-09-06
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dead Island (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dead Island (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dead Island (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dead Island (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Dead Space (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Dead Space (USA) (GOD)/Dead Space (USA) (GOD).json
developer: EA Redwood Shores
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Horror;Shooter
description:
  When an immense mining ship, the USG Ishimura, comes into contact with a
  mysterious alien artifact in a remote star system, its communications with Earth
  are mysteriously cut off. Engineer Isaac Clarke is sent to repair the Ishimura's
  communications array, but he arrives to find a living nightmare - the ship is a
  floating bloodbath, the crew unspeakably mutilated and infected by an ancient
  alien scourge. Clarke's repair mission becomes one of survival as he fights not
  just to save himself, but to return the artifact to the planet ... at any cost.
  .
  Dead Space is a blood-curdling interactive horror experience features
  state-of-the art graphics and effects, a panic-inducing audio system, and a
  truly frightening atmosphere of death and despair. Cut through the harrowing
  mystery to stop the alien onslaught. Discover the tragic story of the Ishimura's
  downfall through the final, frantic logs of the ship's hideously transformed
  crew.
  .
  Battle relentless enemies and crack challenging puzzles in unprecedented
  zero-gravity environments that reinvent survival horror. Shear off limbs with
  powerful weapons as you carve a bloody path through the alien hordes. Find ways
  to neutralize attacking enemies effectively or they'll keep coming at you. When
  ammo runs low, use telekinesis to pick up objects - even the enemies' own arms
  and legs! - and fire them at anything that stands in your way.
release: 2008-10-14
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dead Space (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dead Space (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dead Space (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dead Space (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Dishonored (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Dishonored (USA) (GOD)/Dishonored (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Arkane Studios
publisher: Bethesda Softworks
genre: Action;Adventure;Role-Playing;Stealth
description:
  You are the once-trusted bodyguard of the beloved Empress. Framed for her
  murder, you become an infamous assassin, known only by the disturbing mask that
  has become your calling card. In a time of uncertainty, when the city is being
  besieged by plague and ruled by an oppressive government armed with
  neo-industrial technologies, dark forces conspire to bestow upon you, abilities
  beyond those of any common man but at what cost? The truth behind your betrayal
  is as murky as the waters surrounding the city, and the life you once had is
  gone forever.
release: 2012-10-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dishonored (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dishonored (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dishonored (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dishonored (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Dragon Age - Origins (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Dragon Age - Origins (USA) (GOD)/Dragon Age - Origins (USA) (GOD).json
developer: BioWare
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Role-Playing
description:
  Dragon Age: Origins is an epic story of magic, danger and a fight for survival
  told by a legendary games company. BioWare, creators of Mass Effect, Baldur's
  Gate and Star Wars: Knights Of The Old Republic, bring you their best adventure
  yet. As a Grey Warden, you protect the land of Ferelden from the Darkspawn. When
  the demons attack the land again, you must embark on an epic quest to save
  Ferelden. Create your hero with detailed customisation options, make real
  choices that affect your path and the future of Ferelden itself, and decide how
  to battle the forces against you. Dragon Age: Origins is a bigger, more
  beautiful and deeper adventure than any you'll have ever taken before.
release: 2009-11-03
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dragon Age - Origins (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dragon Age - Origins (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dragon Age - Origins (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dragon Age - Origins (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Dungeon Siege III (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Dungeon Siege III (USA) (GOD)/Dungeon Siege III (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Obsidian Entertainment
publisher: Square Enix
genre: Action;Adventure
description:
  Dungeon Siege III is an action role-playing game developed by Obsidian
  Entertainment and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and
  Microsoft Windows in 2011.[5]
release: 2011-06-21
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Dungeon Siege III (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Dungeon Siege III (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Dungeon Siege III (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Dungeon Siege III (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Far Cry 2 (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Far Cry 2 (USA) (GOD)/Far Cry 2 (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Ubisoft Montreal
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Shooter
description:
  Far Cry 2 is an open world first-person shooter developed by Ubisoft Montreal
  and published by Ubisoft. It was released on October 21, 2008 in North America,
  October 23, 2008 in Australia, and October 24, 2008 in Europe. It was made
  available on Steam on October 22, 2008. Crytek, the developers of the original
  game, were not involved in the development of Far Cry 2. It is the second
  installment of the main Far Cry series; the sequels Far Cry 3 and Far Cry 4 were
  released in 2012 and 2014, respectively.
  .
  Ubisoft has marketed Far Cry 2 as the true sequel to Far Cry, however the sequel
  has very few noticeable similarities to the original game. Instead, it features
  completely new characters and setting, as well as a new style of gameplay that
  allows the player greater freedom to explore different African landscapes such
  as deserts, jungles, and savannas. The game takes place in a modern-day Central
  African nation during civil war. The player takes control of a mercenary on a
  lengthy journey to locate and assassinate "The Jackal", a notorious gun runner.
  As of January 23, 2009, the game has sold 2.9 million copies.
release: 2008-10-21
players: 16
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Far Cry 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Far Cry 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Far Cry 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Far Cry 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Forza Horizon (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Forza Horizon (USA) (GOD)/Forza Horizon (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Playground Games
publisher: Microsoft Studios
genre: Racing
description:
  Forza Horizon is a racing video game for Microsoft's Xbox 360 video game
  console. Developed principally by British games developer Playground Games in
  association with Turn 10 Studios, the game is a part of Turn 10's long-running
  Forza Motorsport franchise, but is considered more of a spin-off instead of the
  next true member of the series.
release: 2012-10-23
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Forza Horizon (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Forza Horizon (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Forza Horizon (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Forza Horizon (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Gears of War - Judgment (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Gears of War - Judgment (USA) (GOD)/Gears of War - Judgment (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Epic Games
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Shooter
description:
  "Gears of War: Judgment" takes you back before events of the original "Gears of
  War" trilogy to the immediate aftermath of Emergence Day - the defining event of
  the "Gears of War" universe. Follow Kilo Squad, led by Damon Baird and Augustus
  "The Cole Train" Cole, as they fight to save the city of Halvo Bay from an
  unstoppable enemy in the most intense 'Gears' game yet.
release: 2013-03-19
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Gears of War - Judgment (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Gears of War - Judgment (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Gears of War - Judgment (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Gears of War - Judgment (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Halo Reach (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Halo Reach (USA) (GOD)/Halo Reach (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Bungie
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Shooter
description:
  “Halo: Reach” tells the tragic and heroic story of Noble Team, a group of
  Spartans, who through great sacrifice and courage saved countless lives in the
  face of impossible odds. The planet Reach is humanity’s last line of defense
  between the encroaching Covenant and their ultimate goal, the destruction of
  Earth. If it falls, humanity will be perched on the brink of destruction.
release: 2010-09-14
players: 4
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Halo Reach (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Halo Reach (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Halo Reach (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Halo Reach (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (GOD)/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Traveller's Tales
publisher: LucasArts
genre: Action
description:
  LEGO Star Wars: The Complete Saga combines LEGO Star Wars: The Video Game and
  LEGO Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy into a single game with several new
  features.
  .
  Players can access all the six Star Wars movies from the game's "hub" location,
  Mos Eisley Cantina. Unlocked characters can be taken to explore previously
  visited stages from both the original and prequel trilogy. New characters have
  been added, including Indiana Jones; the total amount of characters in this
  release is 160.
release: 2007-11-06
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: MX vs. ATV Reflex (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/MX vs. ATV Reflex (USA) (GOD)/MX vs. ATV Reflex (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Rainbow Studios
publisher: THQ
genre: Racing
description:
  MX vs. ATV Reflex is an off-road racing video game developed by Rainbow Studios
  and published by THQ. It is the third game in the MX vs. ATV series.
release: 2009-12-01
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/MX vs. ATV Reflex (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/MX vs. ATV Reflex (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/MX vs. ATV Reflex (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/MX vs. ATV Reflex (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Metal Gear Rising - Revengeance (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Metal Gear Rising - Revengeance (USA) (GOD)/Metal Gear Rising - Revengeance (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Kojima Productions
publisher: Konami
genre: Action
description:
  METAL GEAR RISING: REVENGEANCE takes the renowned METAL GEAR franchise into
  exciting new territory by focusing on delivering an all-new action experience
  unlike anything that has come before. Combining world-class development teams at
  Kojima Productions and PlatinumGames, METAL GEAR RISING: REVENGEANCE brings two
  of the world's most respected teams together with a common goal of providing
  players with a fresh synergetic experience that combines the best elements of
  pure action and epic storytelling, all within the expansive MG universe. The
  game introduces Raiden as the central character; a child soldier transformed
  into a half-man, half-machine cyborg ninja, equipped with a high-frequency
  katana blade and a soul fueled by revenge. In the near future, cyborg technology
  has become commonplace throughout society. Three years have passed since the
  collapse of the Patriots system that had been secretly controlling the global
  power balance from the shadows. However, peace remains elusive. The
  dissemination of cybernetic technology has triggered instability and conflict as
  those who control the trade gain increasing power. Furthermore, large 'Private
  Military Companies', or PMC's, that had been supported and controlled by the
  Patriots have collapsed, spawning countless rogue entities with origins to
  larger criminal organizations. These renegade PMCs employing cyborg technology
  have become increasingly more disruptive shifting policy and power at will. As a
  member of the peace-keeping PMC 'Maverick Security', Raiden lives by the mantra
  of protecting and saving lives. But as the world plunges further into asymmetric
  warfare, the only path that leads him forward is rooted in resolving his past,
  and carving through anything that stands in his way.
release: 2013-02-19
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Metal Gear Rising - Revengeance (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Metal Gear Rising - Revengeance (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Metal Gear Rising - Revengeance (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Metal Gear Rising - Revengeance (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Mirror's Edge (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Mirror's Edge (GOD)/Mirror's Edge (GOD).json
developer: DiCE
publisher: Electronic Arts
genre: Platform
description:
  Mirror's Edge introduces players to Faith, a "runner" in a world where
  communication channels are highly monitored and the movement of human traffic is
  closely watched. When Faith's sister gets framed for a murder she did not
  commit, Faith finds herself on the edge of the city, on the wrong side of the
  law. Mirror's Edge delivers players straight into the shoes of this modern day
  heroine as she traverses the vertigo-inducing cityscape, engaging in intense
  combat, fast-paced chases and challenging puzzles. With a never-before-seen
  sense of movement and perspective, players are drawn into Faith's world.
release: 2008-11-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Mirror's Edge (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Mirror's Edge (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Mirror's Edge (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Mirror's Edge (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: SSX (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/SSX (USA) (GOD)/SSX (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Electronic Arts Canada
publisher: Electronic Arts, Inc.
genre: Sports
description:
  SSX is a game in the SSX series of snowboarding titles. A few of the characters
  from past titles as well as some new ones have teamed up to descend the 9
  deadliest mountains. Unfortunately, one of the team members decides he wants all
  the glory for himself and breaks from the group to make a solo attempt.
  .
  Gameplay is similar to other games in the series. You play as a snowboarder
  navigating your way down a mountain as you strive for fast times and high trick
  scores. As you perform tricks you acquire points which build up your "Tricky"
  meter. You can use your Tricky points as boost to increase your speed or you let
  the meter fill up completely to enter Tricky mode. In Tricky mode, you score
  more points when performing tricks. In addition to extra points you also have
  unlimited boost as long as you remain in Tricky Mode.
  .
  In addition to the standard Race and Trick modes, a new challenge type
  introduced is Survival mode. In general, the objective of survival mode is to
  reach the bottom of the run without dying or in some tracks finish multiple runs
  of the track without dying. There are 9 types of survival modes including;
  trees, rocks, white out, avalanche, low oxygen, darkness, ice, cold and gravity.
  These 9 survival mode types are fairly similar and rely on either visibility or
  health to create a challenge.
  .
  The gear is similar to past titles in that more expensive gear offers greater
  bonuses to stats such as speed, boost or tricks. What makes the gear different
  from other titles is that some gear more or less necessary for completing
  Survival mode tracks. Headlamp for Darkness, Goggles for Whiteout, Thermal Pack
  for Cold, Armor for Avalanche/Trees/Rocks, Oxygen tank for Low Oxygen, Ice Axes
  for Ice and Wing suit for Gravity.
  .
  The three game modes are World Tour, Explore and Global Events. World Tour is a
  campaign mode that follows the story of team SSX tackling the 9 deadly descents.
  Explore is basically a "free roam" or "play now" mode where the player can go to
  any run and play provided they unlocked it world tour or spent in game credits
  to unlock it. Explore is also a place to compete against your friends scores or
  times. Global Events are live asynchronous online competitions where users post
  scores and are ranked against everyone else competing on the same track. Instead
  of directly competing with live players in a head to head race they instead
  compete against replays of other player runs. When a player completes a run
  their path and actions are recorded as "Ghosts". When a player starts a new run
  up to 3 Ghosts are loaded into the track with them. The player can then gauge
  their performance by how well they are doing against those Ghosts.
release: 2012-02-28
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/SSX (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/SSX (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/SSX (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/SSX (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Sacred 3 (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Sacred 3 (USA) (GOD)/Sacred 3 (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Keen Games
publisher: Deep Silver
genre: Action
description:
  Sacred 3 is a hack and slash brawler named as the third full game in the Sacred
  video game series, despite notable differences in both gameplay and design. Deep
  Silver, which acquired the license to Sacred 3 from former development studio
  Ascaron Entertainment, announced at Gamescom that the earliest it could publish
  the game would be in early 2012.[2] The game was finally released on August 1,
  2014, among negative reviews and cold reception by the fans of the previous
  games in the franchise, because of the change in genre and alleged shallow
  gameplay.
release: 2014-08-05
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sacred 3 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sacred 3 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sacred 3 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sacred 3 (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA) (GOD)/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Sumo Digital
publisher: Sega
genre: Racing
description:
  Sonic and the All-Stars cast line up on the starting grid once again to battle
  for supremacy in the ultimate race. Compete across land, water and air in
  incredible transforming vehicles that change from cars to boats to planes
  mid-race. It’s Not Just Racing. It’s Racing Transformed!
  .
  Play as over 20 legendary All-Stars each with their own transforming vehicle.
  Race across 25 tracks and arenas in World Tour, Grand Prix, Battle Arenas, and
  more. Unleash ingenious weapons or utilize your character’s unique All-Star
  Move. 4 Player split screen and up to 10 player online events. Plus even take
  split screen gaming online.
release: 2012-11-20
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (GOD)/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Lucas Arts
publisher: Lucas Arts
genre: Action
description:
  The Star Wars saga continues in Star Wars: The Force Unleashed. You are Darth
  Vader's Secret Apprentice! The Dark Lord of the Sith himself has trained you to
  use a lightsaber and unleash the power of the Force, but now your destiny is
  your own. Will you join Vader as the next great Sith, or will you choose to
  defend peace and justice as a noble Jedi Knight?
release: 2008-09-16
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (GOD)/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Lucas Arts
publisher: Lucas Arts
genre: Action
description:
  In Star Wars The Force Unleashed, the world was introduced to Darth Vader’s now
  fugitive apprentice, Starkiller...the unlikely hero who would ignite the flames
  of rebellion in a galaxy so desperately in need of a champion. In the sequel,
  Starkiller returns with over-the-top Force powers and embarks on a journey to
  discover his own identity and to reunite with his one true love, Juno Eclipse.
  Starkiller is once again the pawn of Darth Vader, but instead of training his
  protégé as a ruthless assassin, the dark lord is attempting to clone his former
  apprentice in an attempt to create the Ultimate Sith warrior. The chase is on.
  Starkiller is in pursuit of Juno and Darth Vader is hunting for Starkiller.
release: 2010-10-26
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 (USA) (GOD)/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Ubisoft
publisher: Ubisoft
genre: Shooter
description:
  The gameplay hasn't changed since the first title so the game again puts four
  team mates at the player's side which he can give orders with the tactical
  interface including "Move to" or"Use Gadget". As he moves through the enemy
  infested areas, getting covered by his team, defusing bombs, rescuing hostages,
  two of the new features become evident: the Persistent Elite Creation (P.E.C.)
  and the Advanced Combat Enhancement Specialisation (ACES).
release: 2008-03-18
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: Tron - Evolution (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Tron - Evolution (USA) (GOD)/Tron - Evolution (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Progaganda Games
publisher: Disney Interactive Studios
genre: Action
description:
  Tron: Evolution is a third-person action-adventure, tie-in video game for the
  film Tron: Legacy by Propaganda Games, published by Disney Interactive. It was
  officially announced at the Spike Video Game Awards and was released for the
  Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable and Xbox 360 platforms on
  November 26, 2010 in Europe and December 7, 2010 in North America.
release: 2010-12-07
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Tron - Evolution (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Tron - Evolution (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Tron - Evolution (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Tron - Evolution (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


game: Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA) (GOD)/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Rare
publisher: Microsoft Game Studios
genre: Life Simulation
description:
  That rotten Professor Pester and his Ruffians have snuck into Piñata Central,
  and in a botched attempt to steal all the Piñata records, they've ended up
  erasing them all instead! It's up to you to help restore the records, and keep
  those candy-filled piñatas coming!
  .
  Viva Piñata: Trouble in Paradise is the sequel to Rare's gardening simulator,
  Viva Piñata. The overall game remains the same - lure piñata by tending your
  garden. Some animals are attracted by the appearance of others, while others
  will come because of the types of plants that you grow. As you progress, the
  more valuable your garden will become - and that means that Professor Pester and
  his Ruffians will turn up to try to vandalize it, either causing fights with
  piñata, or smashing your most expensive object.
  .
  Trouble in Paradise includes all the piñata from the original game, as well as
  some new species that can only be found by traveling to the Dessert Desert or
  the Piñarctic. These piñata are wild, and need to be lured with bait and caught.
  Unfortunately, new Sour Piñata are also waiting to come in and cause problems
  for you as well.
  .
  A new feature of the game is Piñata Vision, which uses the Xbox Live Vision
  Camera to scan in cards. These cards can drop in an assortment of items into the
  game - anything from new piñata, to garden objects, to tools - even shop
  discounts! Players can even take a photo of an object in their garden and
  transform it into a Piñata Vision card to send to a friend. The game also
  features two mini-games - a Piñata racing game, and Piñata contest game. Winning
  these mini-games increases your piñata's value.
release: 2008-09-02
players: 2
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/Viva Pinata - Trouble in Paradise (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: Yes


game: XCOM - Enemy Unknown (USA) (GOD)
file: $ROM_JSON_ROOT/Microsoft/Microsoft Xbox 360 GOD/XCOM - Enemy Unknown (USA) (GOD)/XCOM - Enemy Unknown (USA) (GOD).json
developer: Firaxis Games
publisher: 2K Games
genre: Strategy
description:
  The game, set in the modern-day Earth, deals with an international response to a
  global alien invasion. The player assumes the role of the commander of the top
  secret XCOM Project, the most elite military and scientific organization in the
  history of mankind, activated to engage in a seemingly hopeless war against an
  unknown extraterrestrial enemy with far better technology and capabilities
release: 2012-10-12
players: 1
assets.boxfront: BoxFront/XCOM - Enemy Unknown (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.boxback: BoxBack/XCOM - Enemy Unknown (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.background: Background/XCOM - Enemy Unknown (USA) (GOD).jpg
assets.screenshot: Screenshot/XCOM - Enemy Unknown (USA) (GOD).jpg
x-co-op: No


